ACTION	Activate all who work with Transmission or have any good ideas on the subject.
ACTION	Add more to your score by stopping in and picking up hefty load of construction supplies to win.
ACTION	Add O'neal Winfee and George Smith to the attendees list.
ACTION	"Additionally, send me the payment schedule for Tenaska IV this month."
ACTION	Adjust our purchase amount from each party based on the transport allocation.
ACTION	"After the next meeting, let me know on the timing of preparing this draft."
ACTION	After this is done please let Stephanie know so that she can redraft her invoice the next day after POPS bridges to MOPS.
ACTION	"Alex, please use the second check as the October payment."
ACTION	"Alicia, Please schedule me to attend this meeting."
ACTION	Allen Please authorize the following products for app
ACTION	Allen Please authorize the following products for approval.
ACTION	Allocate them evenly among these teams.
ACTION	Allow people to know month ahead if they will be affected by rolling blackouts.
ACTION	Also include the incremental volume you are wishing to transport under the compression agreement.
ACTION	Also please check the mathematical integrity of our figures.
ACTION	Also please confirm this whether we should bill EES for this deal or not.
ACTION	Also please review the following list of issues and others to be added so that can send CES an agenda.
ACTION	Also Rika please consider gather couple of your powerusers and we can review this app for other refinements.
ACTION	Also you have to bottom out the exhaust related performance LD's.
ACTION	"Also, I need you to update the unit serial numbers if you'd like them included in the agreement."
ACTION	"Also, make sure to submit your feedback in consolidated format and on the spreadsheet attached below only one feedback from each group at time instead of multiple feedbacks from different people."
ACTION	"Also, please advise of the results of the conference call which you had with am working on the assignment and assumption agreement."
ACTION	"Also, please check to see if date for offsite has been set and reschedule that to next week."
ACTION	"Also, please find out who the releasing shipper is and the primary receipt and delivery points."
ACTION	"Also, please make sure that we LOGOFF again tonight...the IT group could not migrate us over the weekend due to incomplete items with legal."
ACTION	"Alternatively, notify the sender by replying to this transmission and delete the message without disclosing it."
ACTION	"Alvin, please show this on the morning sheet as Put to COH at IF or something real intelligent like that for next 3 days."
ACTION	Always check with someone from UNIFY to make sure no one used these deals for anything in UNIFY.
ACTION	"American Express, please hit the reply button and let us know by subject line."
ACTION	Andrea Dahlke and Wiese has to confirm through email that both of you understand the REC situation for Green Mountain.
ACTION	"Andrea, Please resend the first three resumes."
ACTION	"Andrea, please resend the first three resumes."
ACTION	"Andrew Please check with credit, and after they approve, come to me to assign."
ACTION	"Andy Rodriquez Claudia please arrange conference call with Tim, John and myself to discuss the method for allocation going forward."
ACTION	"Andy, Please assign user name to Ran"
ACTION	"Andy, Please assign user name to Randy Gay."
ACTION	"Angela, make sure buy Chris's gift on Monday."
ACTION	"Angela, please pick the 29th or 30th based on JLG's schedule and send to Tracy about the schedule."
ACTION	"Angie, for tomorrow, please schedule this as parked as current day activity."
ACTION	Anne please look into this issue and clear it for Doug.
ACTION	"Apologize to Dr.Lay and return $10,000 in campaign cash."
ACTION	apply even when alternate delivery points are nominated.
ACTION	Approve any takeover even if company directors object.
ACTION	Approve President Bush's plan to deal with the country's current energy problems.
ACTION	"As a priority, please resolve outstanding issues on client accounts."
ACTION	"as you are selected in a team tournament we request you to enter as an individual and please contact one of the following by Monday, May 8th."
ACTION	Ask LT to help on this and carefully consider your financial position before trading.
ACTION	Ask them about their Lone Star transport allocation.
ACTION	Ask them for specific site so we can do the research in the event that any of them raise the issue of paying any of the old Enron bills.
ACTION	"At your earliest convenience, please give me call to address these concerns."
ACTION	"Attached please find the resume and schedule interview for Blake Townsley's informational interviews for Monday, January 29."
ACTION	Attend the call with EPSA about this effort on Tuesday at 5p.m.
ACTION	Authorize Mettatal to file our pleading.
ACTION	avoid possible system delays near the deadline.
ACTION	Be ready for us to bill out on Monday.
ACTION	"Be ready with the answers for the cities you're interested in, how long you want to track them, so we can schedule it accordingly."
ACTION	Be sure to indicate complete cardholder information.
ACTION	"Be sure to respond before December 28, 2001."
ACTION	bend them back as far as possible with as much pressure pushing down on them as possible.
ACTION	Bid $10 on jeff feagles on my behalf.
ACTION	Billy Braddock Please participate and give group overview.
ACTION	"Bob Zacouras, report to the designated seats in the event of an outage in ECS."
ACTION	"Bob, go ahead and accept the nom revision."
ACTION	"Bob, leave the nom as it is in the system and do not make any changes."
ACTION	"Book room today at one of our strip properties Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Monte Carlo, Excalibur or Circus Circus Las Vegas and send me the confirmation on it."
ACTION	"book tickets by May 30, 2001 and complete your travel by December 31, 2001 to take advantage of everything Canada project has to offer."
ACTION	Brenda Please put this on Dicks calendar and the desk calendar to make others know the meeting dates.
ACTION	"Brenda, Please use the second check as my October pay"
ACTION	"Brenda, Please use the second check as my October payment."
ACTION	Bring bottle of bubbly sparkling cider because we have some special month!
ACTION	Bring this before his management to get it solved.
ACTION	Buy from Tenaska and sell to ANP.
ACTION	"By next meet, let me know what is reasonable and if there is anything can do to assist in expediting the process."
ACTION	"Calger Jim, Please provide quick update."
ACTION	"Call babysitter, email me back, and lets get together!"
ACTION	Call me after you get this
ACTION	Call me after you get this message.
ACTION	Call me when you have chance to talk through the list.
ACTION	Call me when you have the time to go over this.
ACTION	Call me with feedback after you speak to Hugo or with any other ideas about moving this project
ACTION	Call me with feedback after you speak to Hugo or with any other ideas about moving this project forward.
ACTION	Call my little EES buddies to get better understanding of specific LDC.
ACTION	Call or email to let me know if this would work for you.
ACTION	Call Susan on Friday afternoon to check how things are going.
ACTION	Cancel my RSVP for Carrin Patman's lunch tomorrow.
ACTION	"Carrie, recheck to confirm the deals values in the attached file are incorrect."
ACTION	Change the Buyer from the old desk to the new desk that matches the Supply or Market deal that you are pathing with.
ACTION	Change your address and request credit line increase.
ACTION	Change your Contribution Rate for the November 15th payroll deductions
ACTION	Check 1406 Walmart Description and unit
ACTION	Check 2002 net commercial make sure it ties to the other 2002 plan page.
ACTION	Check and let us know the correct process which we are using is correct or not.
ACTION	check and see if we need FERC license for ERCOT and Please let me know.
ACTION	Check Exhibit to make sure that all parties are listed and the appropriate counsel is listed.
ACTION	Check if Tetco allocated the vol to their contract.
ACTION	Check if this is now acceptable to Enron for filing.
ACTION	Check out SageOnline where top financial industry professionals answer your questions and ask them about it.
ACTION	Check out the database and make sure that got all PGE docs and then we can forward an email to users.
ACTION	Check out the Maintain section so that you can get great repair and maintenance information.
ACTION	Check out the new postings in the Office of the Chairman category in eMeet.
ACTION	Check out this list of the points we plan to put on the map and let me know if we should eliminate or add based on traders requests Jan.
ACTION	Check the Fantasy News area throughout the week for news and advice from our experts.
ACTION	check to resolve system-wide problems on market data servers as well as data delivery networks and let me know the status.
ACTION	Check with Bill Sherk to see what his progress has been regarding NCNG negotiations.
ACTION	Check with Christie Patrick first to see what the history is.
ACTION	Check with George to make sure no one in his group has called the other pipes.
ACTION	check with Mark Reese to see if Lamar Frazier would be interested.
ACTION	Check with your SME's for additional candidates.
ACTION	"Chris and Judy, please pass on to any of your folks who need to know that we've completed the name change from Enron Cap Trade to Enron North America."
ACTION	"Chris and Scott, please check the term and pricing, and correct the deal tickets."
ACTION	"Chris Germany, please reserve conference room for up to people for hour on Wednesday."
ACTION	"Chris Germany, please wire $584,689.36 to Enron Corp for the Elec settlement."
ACTION	"Chris, as we discussed, please get with Brenda Fletcher and set this up since the pathing does not allow me."
ACTION	"Chris, Find that local production list when you have chance and forward it to me."
ACTION	"Chris, give me call when you have moment."
ACTION	"Chris, let's look at this together so we get it right for January."
ACTION	"Chris, Please call me once you have looked at these questions and let me know what additional questions we should ask Dominion."
ACTION	"Chris, Please fax the support sent to you on this."
ACTION	"Chris, please generate the August invoice for CES and send to me."
ACTION	"Chris, since we now feel certain ENA bought this gas on Jan 21st, please path the supply deal from COH deal 153863 to one of those large CES deal tickets."
ACTION	"Cohagan Director, EWS Also, please find attached the marketing contact list."
ACTION	Collaborate with outside software consultants for developing new or modifying existing systems.
ACTION	Collaborate with system-level and design verification engineers SW developers and IP developers to verify SoC designs on entire aggressive time schedules.
ACTION	Collect the updates and information on career and community services available to them.
ACTION	Compare this to the California Public Utilities Commission's definition of fair rates.
ACTION	Compare your existing system with our latest product offerings.
ACTION	"Complete the buyer and shipping info, print and fax this form with copy of your check attached or the completed credit card information."
ACTION	Complete The Form Below and add new joinees details once you get from them.
ACTION	conduct an investigation of the reported matter to make it clear.
ACTION	Confirm whether these are appropriate in scope and amount.
ACTION	"Consider all factors, including your risk tolerance, to take realistic view of how to handle the margin call."
ACTION	Continue to monitor Hydro so as to reflect EES interests.
ACTION	"Contribute to all team effort through attaining related results for next week, so we can start new team."
ACTION	Coordinate with business and technology teams business analysts and developers in the next meeting.
ACTION	Coordinate with financial products group.
ACTION	Coordinate with product design management and engineering to integrate and prototype designs as requested from client.
ACTION	Coordinate with team on design and prototype of new interfaces.
ACTION	Coordinate with UI Programmer to strategize and execute user interfaces.
ACTION	"Dan, Please check the revised agreement to see that have included all that is necessary."
ACTION	"Dan, set up meeting to provide complete matrices on licensing and utility contracts sometime early during the week beginning Dec 3."
ACTION	Daren Edward Terry Please provide Bob Superty with list of pipelines whom were late or had nomiation issues as result of this mornings Unify problems.
ACTION	"Darren, Please review the names below and let me know that there are any other names that need to be added or subtracted from your group for PRC purposes."
ACTION	"Dave Please schedule meeting with Travis, Mark and Mike Bridges early next week."
ACTION	"Dave, authorize someone to committ an additional $3,000 to cover costs asociated with ENSR's work on the CT Fuel Cell Project."
ACTION	David Please put Russell's info in my contacts.
ACTION	"David, Please change the date on the draft so that we won't confuse it with the prior drafts."
ACTION	"David, the next matrix to finish, please provide information in box where it asks for location of activities."
ACTION	"Davis, make sure to read the latest statewide poll from the Public Policy Institute of California."
ACTION	Delete the added language that begins with the words on or prior to the Guaranteed Unit Shipment Date.
ACTION	Delete with one simple keystroke and continue the same for the entire project.
ACTION	Denise please handle the communication team with the help of potential asset manager to train for the new project.
ACTION	Describe what characteristics you are looking for in Transmission Congestion hedging product.
ACTION	Determine the margin requirement for the position you wish to liquidate.
ACTION	Determine what the Florida House and Senate is expecting and who should attend.
ACTION	"Develop and update new project tracking program for all of GA This is currently my most timely project, as we would like to have it in place by the beginning of November."
ACTION	Develop customer facing UI to large and complicated web applications and let me know.
ACTION	Develop interaction models and site navigation ASAP.
ACTION	Develop web pages and tools for Lynda com website with HTML JavaScript and CSS.
ACTION	Discuss our timing for option transfer.
ACTION	"Discuss that there are three total contracts, two for Gleason and one for Wheatland."
ACTION	Discuss this topic on CA call tomorrow.
ACTION	Discuss what needs to come across in the proprietary file.
ACTION	Divide the amount of the margin call by the margin requirement for the position you wish to liquidate.
ACTION	"Do the assigned test and let me know your score, Bryan Hull."
ACTION	"Don Miller, let's make sure we all agree on contracts that have been terminated."
ACTION	Don please consider sending rep for market trials and hourly requirements.
ACTION	Double check my email for spaces prior to jporte1.
ACTION	"Doug, please collect all the comments on the document and get them to me ASAP tomorrow."
ACTION	"Doug, please confirm that have transposed the payment and the credit due to MichCon for the February 2002 Storage Invoice."
ACTION	"Due to the Bid Week window, please approve this bridge enhancement for tonight's migration."
ACTION	"Early Next Week, send this also to Phillip Allen."
ACTION	"Edison, meet Peter on Monday and get the new update."
ACTION	Either email me when you get chance or just give me call sometime this week to discuss on the project plans.
ACTION	"Elizabeth, effectively communicate to the board and get the job done."
ACTION	Email me and let me know the status of the Enron budget chart preparation.
ACTION	Email me back about the new date and your opinion on restaurant choices and type of party.
ACTION	Email me back with your pick so that we can proceed further.
ACTION	"Email me the names of the candidates, whom you picked from my list!"
ACTION	Email me with latest happenings with you in the big city.
ACTION	"Enerson, make sure you check with Patrice for this exact number so Chuck can send the invoice."
ACTION	Ensure there aren't any issues to work on this task.
ACTION	Enter coupon code WBK4AD2AH at checkout to receive your discount and let us know once it is applied.
ACTION	Enter Demand fee into Sitara for March and April 2000.
ACTION	"Eric, kindly prepare financial statements in timely manner."
ACTION	Establish accurate database for all research programs and associate activities of all researchers.
ACTION	Establish and maintain liaze with services desk.
ACTION	Establish dedicated rate component for construction of native generation by the utilities.
ACTION	"Execute debug, test software modules and update the results."
ACTION	Execute features in a well document robust and readable manner and pass to the team.
ACTION	Extend brand to intuitive interactive model and send to me by this Monday.
ACTION	Fall back to old cpus Restore the disk layout restore to old configuration Restore the disk layout restore to old configuration FOR ASSISTANCE Hope to see you there!
ACTION	"Fehrs and Ledfords, sign the option agreements."
ACTION	"Felicia, Please schedule the rooms at least hr earlier so that vendors can setup the equipment."
ACTION	File Your Taxes Online for Just $17.95 with CompleteTax!
ACTION	Fill out and return your registration card or register by phone or fax by end of the day.
ACTION	"Fill out the student information completely, including your email address."
ACTION	Find out at Healthcare Outlook.
ACTION	Find out the symptoms of this silent killer and make sure high blood pressure doesn't sneak up on you.
ACTION	Find out what the handheld could handle and what it couldn't in his report.
ACTION	Find out who else from Enron is part of the Bush transition team.
ACTION	Find the answer by taking free trial membership from the American Association.
ACTION	Find the reasons and the differences between the total ERCOT load forecast and the sum of the zonal load forecasts by tomorrow.
ACTION	Fire up 320 megawatts of its total output by Aug.
ACTION	"First thing in the morning, meet Davis for 20 minutes."
ACTION	Follow these steps so you don't misplace these files.
ACTION	Follow up and make sure the officers get set up correctly.
ACTION	Follow up on action items from Nov.
ACTION	Follow up with Frank Hosak to make sure that it is on the items to be discussed this coming Wednesday.
ACTION	"For April Business, use only the following ENA contracts on CGAS."
ACTION	"For Exhibit T, please confirm that Enron has received all of the documents that it should have received by now."
ACTION	"For more information about this offer, visit NewPower's table located in the during the week of May 14 and tell us the joining date."
ACTION	"For the month of March, please provide completed Hours survey for each position within your group."
ACTION	Frank Rohan Ziegelaar Send it to Ina Rangel she can forward it to appropriate traders.
ACTION	"Frank, just note to make sure that get any updates to the approved Counterparty list."
ACTION	"Frank, send it to Ina Rangel so that she can forward it to appropriate traders."
ACTION	Generate enough revenue for power purchases.
ACTION	"George, Please send the latest cost estimates when you get chance this monday"
ACTION	"George, Please send the latest cost estimates when you get chance this morning."
ACTION	"George, Please send the latest cost estimates when you get chance this morning."
ACTION	Get all the details in our special report.
ACTION	Get all the facts about the restructured Texas Power Markets in clear and comprehensive 130 page report.
ACTION	Get Allyson to define the schedule going forward including potential hurdles.
ACTION	"Get authorization from PERC July 14th or sooner with cost coverage provisions, since the EPC contractors are likely to want to charge thought you would enjoy this."
ACTION	Get bunch of blue balloons ocean to put around pirate ships.
ACTION	Get check cut for application fee.
ACTION	Get copy of the AG's intervention papers.
ACTION	Get feedback from GE today.
ACTION	Get insights on the latest Internet trends at the end of tumultuous year.
ACTION	Get intenet access from Juno by end of the day.
ACTION	"Get involved with the Emerging Business Council by contacting HJUG, who is dedicated to the use of the Java TM Technology and Lifestyle."
ACTION	Get it done wirelessly at Infowave by tomorrow
ACTION	Get Janet's signature on the permit application.
ACTION	Get quote on the new 2001 models.
ACTION	"Get serious understanding of the latest developments in California and throughout the West that you just can't read about in the newspapers from the William Keese, Chairman of the California Energy Commission Stephen L."
ACTION	Get Team to Sacramento and get with Hertzberg to discuss the options Bev
ACTION	Get Team to Sacramento Get with Hertzberg to discuss the options Bev Hansen.
ACTION	Get the Chicago recruiter to add to schedule.
ACTION	Get the kind of information you need to make sound investment decisions.
ACTION	"Get the latest enterprise application news, reviews and analysis."
ACTION	Get the lowdown on all the different wireless LAN standards.
ACTION	"Get the scoop on 1000s of artists, including exclusive photos, bios, song clips links."
ACTION	Get this query fixed before the next presentation.
ACTION	Get us all the detailed reports and component VAR reports that you can produce
ACTION	Get with Kay Mann to see if Kilpatrick can get copy of the deal Dynegy negotiated for their project.
ACTION	Get with Tom Chapman to find out the do's and don'ts with regard to mustering political support.
ACTION	Give him call and he will fill you in on the details of the program.
ACTION	Give me a call tomorrow so that we can discuss your determination and to make sure can respond accurately to her ETA concern.
ACTION	Give me call ASAP so I can follow up with her or so you can take the lead.
ACTION	Give me call once you get these.
ACTION	Give me call when you have chance and we can talk about different avenues we can take.
ACTION	Give me the details of what New Power paid ENA for October activity.
ACTION	Give us price quote for getting these volumes to the NIPSCO citygate.
ACTION	Go ahead and make the changes to the report before next meeting.
ACTION	Go ahead and reduce their volume by hours for that day.
ACTION	"Go ahead and release the assets, 100 recallable, for three years."
ACTION	Go ahead and true up the PAL agreement to match physical flow.
ACTION	"Go over all the portfolios, all the corresponding books and curves in RisktRac and make sure they are set up properly."
ACTION	Go through the list of requests to determine which are in scope for this project and which fall out of scope.
ACTION	Go to eMeet today and share your thoughts on this topic or on anything else you'd like to discuss.
ACTION	"Gossett, make sure that everyone is using this."
ACTION	"Guys, please send me new contract when you get chance this week."
ACTION	Handle billing and collection from subscribers.
ACTION	Have my Dad read the memo before you put it down
ACTION	Have my Dad read the memo before you put it out.
ACTION	Have team members sign forms and send to Bill Kendrick for Dec.
ACTION	Have your people fill in the columns highlighted in yellow.
ACTION	"Heather, please check the sections you noticed before and see if they are okay this time."
ACTION	Help SoCalGas to terminate the Enron Agreements immediately should the court not accept the Agreements.
ACTION	"Hey Ken, let's meet for lunch next week."
ACTION	"Hi Carolyn, Please email me the execution version of the documents signed last week, as well as the current version of the other documents."
ACTION	"Hi Jeff, Make sure the access to the network is defined as DS1 access...We would like DS3 access pricing because that is the minimum level of service we trade at today."
ACTION	"Hi Kathleen, peoples confidentiality agreement has to be moved closer to the top of the list."
ACTION	"Hi Nancy, Lisa Mellencamp's time is being consumed by special project, so I need you to work on this PPA."
ACTION	"Hilliard, just note that the assignment and assumption agreement does not need to be executed, but the amendments still need to be executed and returned to me."
ACTION	"Hilliard, know the status of these contracts forwarded to you on August 23, 2000 and August 25, 2000."
ACTION	"Hiren, please send note to Brian Riley verifying that the GMT payment has gone out to the Houston company by the end of the day."
ACTION	Hit Toyota Gnomes for extra points and try to be in top list.
ACTION	"However, please continue to directly coordinate with Scott and he will keep me apprised of the status."
ACTION	"However, please get with Ruth Concannon and Steve Van Hooser to confirm not paying but get the items."
ACTION	I need you to create disincentive for underscheduling for load and generation.
ACTION	I need you to take careful evaluation of what this technology could mean to our city and its economic development.
ACTION	I want all of you to meet this afternoon or tomorrow to discuss this.
ACTION	"I want you guys to make sure that everyone use the correct CP name and the list provided by confirms, tomorrow."
ACTION	I want you to check and make sure that everything is running as it is designed
ACTION	"I want you to compile our new Gas Accord II meetings and settlement conferences, and another for those who have expressly agreed to abide by the terms of CPUC Rule 51 attached."
ACTION	I want you to double check and make sure that the Chase agreement is in good format for this master agreement.
ACTION	I want you to file with FERC this week.
ACTION	"I want you to join us for the Peninsula Environmental Forum on Tuesday, May 22 at p.m."
ACTION	Identify overload risk areas and manage cogestion on the system.
ACTION	"If fact, please review the confidentiality provisions in the GE agreement so that we can discuss same."
ACTION	"If you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at Thank you, Lorie Leigh Suzanne, Please schedule this week's conference call for 9.30am on Wednesday, and Shoemaker."
ACTION	"Imelda, Please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my password."
ACTION	Implicit and explicit position break out issues.
ACTION	"In addition, create section on our web site for enviornmental related matters."
ACTION	"In Schedule 2, please add an attention line to Shazia Sarker."
ACTION	"In the following chart, please indicate your availability."
ACTION	"In the future, please include me on the original emails concerning transport."
ACTION	"In the future, please let me know what you need so that there can be some order to the process."
ACTION	"Ina, keep getting these security requests that cannot approve."
ACTION	"Ina, Please sign me up for this course whenever Hunter is signed up."
ACTION	Include the federal reference number of the wire as proof of funds forthcoming.
ACTION	"Include the project description, investors, business entity and also please provide the names and numbers of prior investigation"
ACTION	Increase the permissible power level at Gleason on each of the turbines from 182mw to 185mw.
ACTION	Inform the team that will continue to do everything in my power to serve the best interests of Enron's employees and shareholders.
ACTION	Interact with cross-functional team to spread around world to work together in entire verification related tasks.
ACTION	Interconnect definitive studies through VEPCO.
ACTION	Invest in stocks and also diversify your portfolio with futures and futures options and accomplish your investment objectives!
ACTION	Investigate and review the California crisis.
ACTION	Investigate corruption in the private and public sectors after 20 parliamentarians belonging to parties within the ruling coalition withdrew their support for the motion.
ACTION	Invite everyone for the first QSE project manager conference call to share the thoughts.
ACTION	"Jack, observe the usual safety precautions."
ACTION	"Jack, please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my payslips"
ACTION	"Jackie, make sure that the gas at this meter is allocated to stranger's in POPS."
ACTION	"Janet, please send copies of the VNG demand charge invoices to Denise Dodson."
ACTION	Jeff Please check and confirm that this schedule works for entire team to participate in the debate.
ACTION	"Jeff, please call Kevin with scheduling changes in the future."
ACTION	"Jeff, send updates directly to Jennifer and copy me, too."
ACTION	"Jerry Graves FYI, make sure you can access the Web for this coming weekend."
ACTION	"Jim, follow up with the DOE opportunity."
ACTION	"Jim, please find below the production schedule to update and review the regulatory component of the largest 50 curves 75 of net positions."
ACTION	"Jim, pls get with Susan to make sure coverage is appropriate."
ACTION	"Jim, shorten the timeline in the rules by tomorrow."
ACTION	"Jimmy, keep me posted because will need this once month until we are invited to leave."
ACTION	"Joan, change your email to Joni."
ACTION	Joann please monitor STOI while I'm out.
ACTION	"Joann, let me or Robert know what help you need in updating these tickets."
ACTION	"Joann, let the Tenn schedulers know what additional volumes you need at Broad Run."
ACTION	"Joann, please look at the other days and contracts and then plan perfectly for this month."
ACTION	"Job, email her to expect registration confirmation via email."
ACTION	"Joe Terry, please check with all the teams today to ensure they have talked with their customers about the scheduled quantities reports."
ACTION	"Joe, please pass on to me the contact and telephone number for the Southwest airline ticket issue we were discussing at the Corpus Christi airport last week."
ACTION	"John, edit the headings for 14 and 15."
ACTION	"John, let's make sure the Gas Controllers are fully up to speed on this."
ACTION	"John, please fix bugs and improve code by tomorrow."
ACTION	"John, please utilize the latest acquired information to make required arrangements."
ACTION	"John, postpone the group call until next week."
ACTION	Join my husband at his officer's meeting in San Antonio.
ACTION	Join the Integrated Solutions Team PSI Homesavers on April 21 April 28!
ACTION	"Join us for this year's Wall Street Journal Technology Summit and find out what Silicon Valley, and you, can expect from Washington, no matter who wins."
ACTION	"join us on Tuesday, March 15 at conference room to discuss the new features of the project."
ACTION	Josh and John give an illustrated tour of the stuff you had to be there to believe.
ACTION	Just allocate the actuals at the end of each month.
ACTION	"Just call me up within 10 days from the receipt of this email and say the word ""BULL""."
ACTION	Just let me know what time is ideal and will schedule it with Erik.
ACTION	Just note to make sure that get any updates to the approved Counterparty list.
ACTION	Just send an email with the time and place when you guys figure it out and I'll be there.
ACTION	"Just send the updated documents through this link before midnight, Pacific Time, on Friday, November 24th."
ACTION	"Karen, please provide Louise and John with copies of the resumes Kevin's group selected for the summer interns."
ACTION	"Karen, revise the new version attached and let me know what you think."
ACTION	"Kate, Please approve and auto-schedule the meeting for next week on this."
ACTION	"Kathie Grabstald Just reminder that this data is due by Monday, October 22."
ACTION	"Kathleen, could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what's up."
ACTION	"Kathleen, please add Fred Lagrasta, Vice President for signature authority for ENA Upstream Company ASAP."
ACTION	"Kathy, please relay the information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at gas daily today."
ACTION	"Kay and Barbara, please let me know which one of you is working on this deal."
ACTION	"Kay Peter, Go ahead and complete the draft with what you have, and transmit it to me with list of questions which need to be answered to finish it."
ACTION	Kay tell Brett and the Elektrobolt team the terms.
ACTION	"Kay, attach the latest versions of the CA Energy Development breakout agreements and email them to everyone."
ACTION	"Kay, complete this break out contract thing as soon as possible."
ACTION	"Kay, please add this name to the Virginia list, check and eliminate the people who are working for other project."
ACTION	"Kay, please find Turbine Manifest that details delivery dates for all 24 turbines and bring to me."
ACTION	Keep everyone posted that this capacity is subject to the bidding process and this is simply proposal based on capacity available to date.
ACTION	Keep in touch and let me know what day is good for you!
ACTION	Keep track of changes in airfares to your favorite cities with Fare Watcher which can help us.
ACTION	Keith please consider sending rep for control area operations requirements.
ACTION	"Ken, make sure that we are keeping file on Authorized Trader announcements and changes."
ACTION	"Ken, please have someone research Sitara sales deal for March 2002 production that is not bridging to Unify with two days."
ACTION	Kevin please indicate the area that you want us to target Bryce at.
ACTION	"Kevin Tim, Please review the attached listing and advise if you agree to the projects and amounts listed as billings that Enron North America will receive in 2002 for support of these efforts."
ACTION	"Kevin, Let me know your availability and whoever else you think needs to interview him and can setup phone interviews."
ACTION	"Kevin, Please let me know who will be using the tickets for Tues."
ACTION	"Kevin, provide Summary Annual Report for the Enron Benefit Plans."
ACTION	"Kim Hillis, make sure you get our trades updated into Fred's midmarket results for August."
ACTION	"Kim, please confirm all firm physical transactions both telephonic and EOL under the Master Firm and not the GISB."
ACTION	"Kim, please forward project plan to your group."
ACTION	"Kim, provide significant additional sorting functionality over the old."
ACTION	"Kim, remind me to check the Harry David's catalogue for something nifty."
ACTION	Kindly compare the enclosed Deed with the version of the Deed in your possession.
ACTION	"Larry, Please proceed with all haste on this to complete ASAP."
ACTION	"Larry, Please take look at the attached excel file for the 7400 ft elevation and inform the manger."
ACTION	"Learn how our clients get the best results and receive the most professional care in the investment world today, to help our company."
ACTION	Learn how to speculate in the grain markets by leveraging and be in the market.
ACTION	"Lee, check the dates to make sure they are right."
ACTION	Let me and Maria know what you decide to do and we'll arrange briefing on the specific rules to be aware of and we'll make sure we understand the situation fully so we can properly disclose to FERC what is up.
ACTION	Let me know as soon as possible because it is scheduled for this week.
ACTION	"Let me know as soon as you can so we can make sure the gas is allocated correctly for September, and so it can set it up for October if need be."
ACTION	Let me know as soon as you find out about the time scheduled for the conference call with Enron.
ACTION	Let me know as soon as you Take Allen Parkway to Shepherd.
ACTION	"Let me know at your convenience, so we can plan accordingly."
ACTION	Let me know by 2pm so we have time to get it to her.
ACTION	Let me know by Friday about your plan on attending.
ACTION	Let me know if the above fits your purpose or if you would prefer to move in another direction.
ACTION	"Let me know in next meeting, what type of deal this was intended to be."
ACTION	Let me know the outcome of that questions and lets finalize.
ACTION	Let me know the problem you have with the schedule that was outlined.
ACTION	Let me know tomorrow if you still want to go.
ACTION	Let me know what additional information you may need.
ACTION	Let me know what curve the following deals are being marked against.
ACTION	Let me know what information you need from me.
ACTION	Let me know what time is most suited to your schedule.
ACTION	Let me know what you find in MOPS.
ACTION	Let me know what you guys can dig up.
ACTION	Let me know what you want to do at this point.
ACTION	let me know what your thoughts are once I reach.
ACTION	Let me know when you are available this afternoon.
ACTION	Let me know when you get the quotes from P
ACTION	Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline.
ACTION	Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline.
ACTION	Let me know where the differences are.
ACTION	Let me know whether the form of this document is acceptable to MEH.
ACTION	"Let me know which is correct as per the exchange agreement, by moday."
ACTION	Let me know your flights so that can I arrange the air transfers between Belize City and Placencia and dive lessons through deposit.
ACTION	Let me know your opinions or sources that can use to push for only true costs 1.4 million.
ACTION	"Let Scott Hendrickson, Robin, and Dick know what fuel waivers CNG approves."
ACTION	Let's discuss and call Paul Myford after you complete your review.
ACTION	Let's discuss at your earliest convenience.
ACTION	Let's discuss this to figure out the best gameplan for crossing some of these off the list.
ACTION	Let's include this issue as one of topics to be discussed today and invite the people working on this.
ACTION	Let's just make sure Howard keeps Andy in the loop on this as the traders are not expected to understand the trading framework of EOL.
ACTION	Let's make sure before our meeting that we are all in agreement as to the pricing approach we will take with them.
ACTION	Let's make sure to document any changes in DMS.
ACTION	Let's make sure we all agree on contracts that have been terminated.
ACTION	Let's meet in the morning and discuss the LOI.
ACTION	Let's meet on Monday to assess the issue.
ACTION	Let's plan to talk about this on Monday.
ACTION	Let's set GOAL to have the first totally pathed and tracked and balanced and bridged back and clean by close of business the 19th.
ACTION	"Let's talk after you have had chance to review, so that we can give you more details."
ACTION	Let's try and reach an agreement on the construction manager issue tomorrow morning.
ACTION	Let's try and set up conference call with Phillip and John to talk about Andy ehrenberg.
ACTION	"linda, please remove my name from your distribution list, and add on kathy's to increase the balance the lists."
ACTION	"Link the Texas grid to the East, so that electricity could flow these bridges, which at peak capacity could carry mere 820 megawatts."
ACTION	"Lisa Alfaro, get look at the assignment provisions so that, Brett and Enron can know what his constraints are with respect to possible sale."
ACTION	Lisa Please review the attached Credit Schedule from Dow.
ACTION	"Lisa, get some kind of confirmation from TCO that this happened."
ACTION	"Liz, Let me know when they send out the web address and will make sure that John fills out the forms."
ACTION	Lloyd Will Interconnection Engineers Midwest location or work remote Will interface directly with transmission marketing.
ACTION	"Log into the Microsoft Games site on May 17th to follow this year's event, which will Empires, Age of Mythology, which brings mythical monsters and heroes to cocktail in years and participate also."
ACTION	Log into the stack manager on Wednesday afternoon and ensure that your products are ready to be activated on Thursday morning.
ACTION	"Lucy, please email the answers."
ACTION	"Lucy, please open this excel file and input the rents and names due for this week."
ACTION	"Lucy, Please open this excel file and input the rents and names due for this week."
ACTION	"Lynn Weller, make sure someone is up to speed on your process that can represent you in the meeting."
ACTION	"Lysa, make sure Paul gets this info."
ACTION	"Maggy, be sure to put the slides in notes view and read my suggested explanations."
ACTION	Maintain and update filing system for all incoming data and prepare database for all researchers.
ACTION	Make changes to the pricing in deal 413462 mentioned below.
ACTION	Make HTML CSS and JavaScript to work well across browser platforms.
ACTION	Make it documented that the telescoped volumes on 3726 are cumulative and are incremental on 3924.
ACTION	Make necessary FERC Filings to implement these changes.
ACTION	Make note of the deal number in the Service List of the Service contract that you were using in the new path.
ACTION	Make note of the expected volumes and how they are broken out because they will default to the deal volume as soon as you tab out.
ACTION	Make recommendations including budgets.
ACTION	Make sure all price and volatility curves have been final posted in Curve Manager.
ACTION	Make sure Amanda adds it to the calendar.
ACTION	Make sure Enron and Oxy had project team in place asap and the resources are committed to do world class job on the January 29 submission and the 29th could be the end of the tournament.
ACTION	Make sure on the TDS Curve Manager not to hit the button on the publish sheet.
ACTION	Make sure that customer calls are answered.
ACTION	Make sure that existing credits increase by atleast 10 percent.
ACTION	Make sure that the base volume is allocated to the base ticket and all other swings go to the other tickets.
ACTION	Make sure that the phone numbers for the folks we put on the list is up to date.
ACTION	Make sure that you complete this section in time as requested.
ACTION	Make sure that you input the new nodes and sockets as reflected in the new login info sheet by the machine.
ACTION	Make sure the box that reads Cache Jars in Memory is NOT checked.
ACTION	Make sure the commission change price cap provisions of the decision based comments advising against them.
ACTION	Make sure the company we are selling to agrees to pay us for the gas and doesn't net this with some other item.
ACTION	Make sure to add Ben Rogers to your email distribution.
ACTION	Make sure to check the calendar for upcoming events regularly since we add to it frequently.
ACTION	"Make sure to compare your title policy, when it comes in the mail, to the marked Title Commitment you received today."
ACTION	Make sure to follow up with the Seller about the fireplace.
ACTION	Make sure to incorporate the new language on Binding Commitment to Enter Into Confirmation Letter sent to you last Thursday or Friday.
ACTION	Make sure to sell your position either way based on whether you're Faulk owner or not.
ACTION	Make sure we are protected from any liability caused by their delay.
ACTION	Make sure we get the capital approved and that we EOTT are aware of the cost.
ACTION	"Make sure you are logged in as the user that owns the system, and that you are on the same network as others."
ACTION	Make sure you develop process documentation and departmental procedures by next week.
ACTION	Make sure you include your Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan number to qualify for this promotion.
ACTION	Make sure you provide an updated version in the next week.
ACTION	Make sure you remove my approval from the form for these documents.
ACTION	Make the updated report downloadable into Excel so that everyone can use it easily.
ACTION	Manage freight more productively.
ACTION	Manage your list subscription for this or other ListBot lists.
ACTION	"Margaret, please verify that we are now completely paid up by Entex on this transaction."
ACTION	"Mark, ensure we have healthy utilities and that our state isn't burdened for decades by high energy costs."
ACTION	"Mark, make sure you are allocating these expenses to EES."
ACTION	"Mark, please generate appropriate ad-hoc reporting."
ACTION	"Mark, would you please verify that the payment went out."
ACTION	"Mary, please take look at the meter for the months in question with the help of Rick and let Stephanie and myself know whose idea is this."
ACTION	"Matt, make sure this is included in your long term forecast."
ACTION	"Maureen, let's make sure that he gets our list of FERC Commissioner candidates with special emphasis on Wood and Brownell."
ACTION	"Mauricio, please provide me with the information for the West Coast Fax number Mobile number Assitant's name."
ACTION	"Meet me at 9:00am tomorrow, Monday in my office."
ACTION	Meet me on next friday so that we can swap out pages.
ACTION	Meet with Heather to discuss interconnect as it stands to date.
ACTION	"Megan, watch the whole thing I'm not going with AEP."
ACTION	"Meredith, when you get chance, please confirm which points are downstream of Lambertiville."
ACTION	"Mike, please follow up with these guys and try to schedule for this afternoon."
ACTION	"Mike, Please, schedule an interview with this guy and collect the required documents from him to proceed."
ACTION	MK Please see the attached and let me know your comments by Wednesday.
ACTION	"Morgan, please schedule daily total of 2095 to NYSEG off of CNG for Jan 2000."
ACTION	"Murelio, select some of the best new products in the industry and present them to you in our Product Showcase."
ACTION	Need detail breakout of commodity and transport cost firm or interru
ACTION	Need detail breakout of commodity and transport cost firm or interruptible.
ACTION	Need someone to verify that CES GMS pricing equals Enron's Sitara pricing.
ACTION	negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for addtional gas supplies.
ACTION	Negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for addtional gas supplies.
ACTION	"newsletter, please use this address in your communication to us."
ACTION	"Next week, let us stay ontop of this issue, for it has significant impact on our business."
ACTION	"OK Let's make sure that Presto, Tycholiz, Whitt, Lucci, Kerigan, and Proffit are either signed or will never sign by the end of this month."
ACTION	"On each exchange line item, change the MDQ to zero and for any Negotiated rates, uncheck them as well."
ACTION	Once again please verify what we paid Iroq on the disputed parking fee from May 1999 through July 1999.
ACTION	"Once we are done with the meeting, everyone, delete the raws that you had previously downloaded."
ACTION	Once you are satisfied with the agreement please let me know and will put together an executed copy.
ACTION	"Once you have created an ID, please email me back with your ID so that can compile contact list for everyone on the floor."
ACTION	"Once you named recipient, please notify the sender immediately and do not disclose the contents to another person, use it for any purpose or store or copy the information in any medium."
ACTION	"One of you, order the tickets today over the phone or on the internet."
ACTION	Open the deals listed in the document and make sure the location field on the deal exchange says inconsistent.
ACTION	Participate in National Fitness Week on eSpeak being as a member of this team.
ACTION	Participate in such transaction from the date of notice by ENA.
ACTION	Participate in the development of regulatory filings.
ACTION	"Patt, send the newest people to the initial training."
ACTION	"Paul, make sure our friends are available and the Confidentially Agreement is signed."
ACTION	Pay down debts by way of rate hike effective March 27.
ACTION	"Pease give us the GMS deal number,and if you know the riskworks deal number."
ACTION	Perform interconnection studies for new generation.
ACTION	"Peter, make sure TJ puts on my calender."
ACTION	"Phillip, let's talk today about the Enronalumni idea in the board meeting."
ACTION	"Phillip, please approve Mike Grigsby for Bloomberg."
ACTION	"Phillip, please assign global id's to the four junior traders listed on Dawn's original email."
ACTION	"Phillip, send his resume to Karen Buckley."
ACTION	Place your order by December 16 for delivery by December 25
ACTION	Plan a team vacation and check with everyone if they will be able to make it.
ACTION	Plan to meld together AB with Hertzberg's new bill.
ACTION	Please accept my gratitude for all the extra work and effort you have put in on this issue of operating hour under the alternative operating scenerio.
ACTION	please add EES Power Settlements to your distribution list for these files
ACTION	please add Manny Bela to your schedule as its mentioned in the revised plan.
ACTION	Please add my name to future emails concerning TX SET activity and update the list as well.
ACTION	Please adjust the deals in Sitara to reflect this change.
ACTION	Please administer all work yard operations and ensure compliance to safety policies for every week.
ACTION	Please advise as to how quickly we can act on these requests.
ACTION	Please advise as to what can provide or help out with this process.
ACTION	Please advise me the amount that needs to be made so that I can prepare bank information.
ACTION	"Please advise Rika Rika, defer required reactor vessel head penetration inspections to their April 2002 refueling outage."
ACTION	Please advise status of GEIOC signature on Consolidation Agreement and specify the changes you did.
ACTION	"Please advise the team, so we can keep the process moving."
ACTION	Please also verify that this gas is showing up for CES and notify me with problems.
ACTION	Please analyze and evaluate constraints in mapping data XML and object models.
ACTION	Please analyze and prepare revenue reports expense reports and other business transaction reports.
ACTION	Please analyze invoices and provide invoicing support.
ACTION	Please approve Mike Grigsby for attending the meeting
ACTION	Please approve Mike Grigsby for Bloomberg.
ACTION	Please ask Bruce to check his availability and arrange the meeting with manager.
ACTION	"Please ask for the work, complete and submit by Monday, July 17, 2000."
ACTION	Please ask Jeff to contact trader and let me know the status.
ACTION	Please ask them to specify so that we can get the easier agreements in place first and get business started on the pipe.
ACTION	Please ask your contact if she can find phone number for Burt Shears.
ACTION	Please assign global id's to the four junior traders listed on Dawn's original email.
ACTION	Please assist Account Manager in business support and management.
ACTION	Please assist accounts department in meeting collection targets.
ACTION	Please assist in determining pricing quotes for customers.
ACTION	Please assist participants to perform all meetings effectively by sending emails.
ACTION	Please assist Philip in audit activities to complete the task ASAP.
ACTION	Please assist sales and marketing in follow-up of payments.
ACTION	Please attend meeting one as soon as possible to your onboarding and payroll processing.
ACTION	Please attend meetings and and provide meeting summaries directly to Rika for internal distribution.
ACTION	Please be prepared to discuss each of the issues so we may finalize and reduce the list of open issues.
ACTION	please begin the process of giving feedback to your employees for best resluts.
ACTION	Please begin working with the appropriate manager in completing the document for those individuals who have ranking of Needs Improvement or Issues for 2000 Mid Year review.
ACTION	"Please book new deals to Calpine Energy Services, share information about yourself, create your own public profile to complete."
ACTION	Please browse our newsletter to see all we have to offer.
ACTION	Please call BPA and IPCO to make sure this schedule is still going to work.
ACTION	please call David Forster on 713 853 1861 and suggest the same changes which you told me.
ACTION	Please call him in the morning Tuesday to schedule time for meeting.
ACTION	Please call Jeff Gossett to check who will coordinate the trading.
ACTION	Please call Mark Gershon to discuss the attached.
ACTION	Please call me about this issue so we can discuss.
ACTION	Please call me as soon as we find out about the Duke board mtg results.
ACTION	"Please call me to discuss format, deadlines, whatever can do to help our communications."
ACTION	Please call me to discuss the SPA once you have reviewed the appropriate documents.
ACTION	Please call me to discuss this issue or schedule time to do the same.
ACTION	Please call me tomorrow and let us know how you would like to proceed on this draft.
ACTION	Please call me with Balance Sheet.doc EnronNorth.doc Confidentiality Notice.
ACTION	Please call to discuss cash
ACTION	Please call to discuss cash award.
ACTION	Please call your Transportation Administrator for affected receipts and deliveries before it leads to next level.
ACTION	Please cc me on the email with guest password.
ACTION	Please change any of these numbers as is appropriate to reflect October's activities and check.
ACTION	Please change Sitara to reflect the transportation rates shown on the schedule below.
ACTION	"Please change the demand fee on deal from $33,239.39 to $22,159.22 and update me."
ACTION	Please change the following deals to evergreen in every season.
ACTION	Please change the names and let the traders know that they should now be choosing this name instead of Calpine Power Services Company.
ACTION	Please change the term on deal 143913 to evergreen.
ACTION	Please change the zone location for meters T0012 and T0A62 from North Other to South Other.
ACTION	Please change these deals to NRG Power Marketing Inc for all the members slowly.
ACTION	Please change your Capacity Types so that they are unique.
ACTION	Please check and give me call so we can discuss what the next step needs to be.
ACTION	please check and let me know which volume is good.
ACTION	"Please check back with me, and should be able to provide you with the load data."
ACTION	Please check back with this site for future updates on plans for the new trading platform.
ACTION	"Please check deals 252056 primary and 252057, just set these up in Sitara."
ACTION	Please check design and requirements of all participants and design classes to suit individual need.
ACTION	Please check each document and forward to the counterparty for their execution and return.
ACTION	Please check for dates that are not currently busy and call the members to get appintments.
ACTION	"please check into this and make sure they post it ASAP, especially since our time frame is quite tight."
ACTION	Please check it out and let me know what the deal numbers are for this month and prepare a document also.
ACTION	Please check my calendar before you schedule the meeting as this week is full of meetings and let me send the alerts also.
ACTION	Please check on the actual storage capacity volume on FSS contract 63304.
ACTION	Please check on the following Enron entities to determine if they also need Enron Marketing Services Inc.
ACTION	Please check on these immediatly since the LDC deadlines start today and send updates frequently.
ACTION	Please check on these invoices.
ACTION	please check on why have not being reimbursed by Continental and solve that.
ACTION	Please check our corporate resolutions to make sure that they cover off execution of confirms for data transactions.
ACTION	Please check out each of the above web sites and let me know what changes you are planning to do.
ACTION	Please check out with TEP when you are aware of the new sink.
ACTION	Please check TeleBEARS to confirm your schedule and review wait lists below today.
ACTION	Please check that Coral is not invoiced or paid on these deals and let me know by evening.
ACTION	"Please check the circulation list on this email, and forward as you think appropriate."
ACTION	Please check the positions for DEC and take look at how all of the transport is booked.
ACTION	please check the status on that report by tomorrow before meeting starts.
ACTION	"please check the terms and pricing, and correct the deals."
ACTION	"Please check them out and get back to me as soon as possible with deal numbers, so we can start the work here."
ACTION	Please check this list to see how you want your name to appear on application and make changes if neccessary.
ACTION	Please check this out and provide some comments related to new features from last month's report.
ACTION	Please check to see if we require one tpa or two seperate ones and let me know the requirement to provide.
ACTION	please check to see what amount PJM is showing for this hour and report if it is more than expected.
ACTION	please check to see whether Niagara Mohawk has filed any motions before the bankruptcy court.
ACTION	PLease check with Elsa on dates for upcoming events.
ACTION	Please check with GMT and limit him to this project.
ACTION	please check with Kevin regarding this memo and if you are able to get copy please fax it to me.
ACTION	Please check with Kim on the location and whether future dates are set or not .
ACTION	Please check with Mike Barnas and Kent Shoemaker to  see if they are available at 11:00 Central tomorrow.
ACTION	Please check with our office before sending any western union as our sending information occasionally changes.
ACTION	"Please check with Ryan and he will let you know what he needs, so you can provide those."
ACTION	"please check with Steve Leppard and ask him to confirm, and send to me his position and title of his talk tonight."
ACTION	please check with the state of incorporation to confirm that the papers have been processed in both places
ACTION	please check with the trader and confirm which price is correct.
ACTION	Please check with Vincent's supervisor on modifying this for the job description.
ACTION	Please check with your team and coordinate with Account Managers and Sales Executives to achieve sales objectives.
ACTION	Please check your calendars and let me know what works best for you.
ACTION	Please check your client bill and let us know whether you agree or disagree with the bill details.
ACTION	Please check your files for any executed agreement on these counterparties and forward them to me for immediate processing.
ACTION	please check your records to see what volume TUFCO requested for May 12th and update that in new file.
ACTION	please check your roster carefully and make sure that the people on the list really are attending your course.
ACTION	Please circulate and get comments as necessary.
ACTION	Please circulate revised draft of the Guaranty Agreement and advise as to when Coral can meet for execution of the Letter Agreements and the Guaranty Agreements.
ACTION	Please circulate this information to all interested parties within your group by this weekend.
ACTION	"Please clean and blackline copies of the revised agreement for your review, per my discussion with Kay yesterday."
ACTION	Please clean up my Holdings page to net longs and shorts today.
ACTION	Please click Approval to review and act upon this request.
ACTION	Please collect all the percentages in the spreadsheet from last month.
ACTION	Please combine the document from yesterday in the same binder so can read the whole package while I'm on vacation.
ACTION	Please come by 5C2 at your convenience tomorrow as UBS require you to complete missing information on your application form.
ACTION	Please communicate with customers relating their pending payments.
ACTION	Please complete Hayden's form for your respective regions today.
ACTION	Please complete the above in time for us to discuss sometime Friday.
ACTION	"Please complete this questionnaire, which will shape SVMG's energy action agenda on your behalf."
ACTION	Please conduct meetings to encourage your employees to suggest list of reviewers promptly for your approval.
ACTION	Please confirm by return participation of your respective groups.
ACTION	Please confirm receipt of this email once you forward this to everyone before I respond.
ACTION	Please confirm that by ENA and EES taking no action at the hearing that the agreements have been terminated.
ACTION	Please confirm that it is the Crude Swap and rebook as necessary by tomorrow.
ACTION	Please confirm that the latest round of Order 637 filings begins on page of that attachment once you receive the data from client.
ACTION	"Please confirm that Unit 17 is going to CA Energy Development I, and Unit 18 is going to CA Energy Development II."
ACTION	Please confirm to me ASAP by end of day since we are running out of time.
ACTION	Please confirm whether this should in fact and let me know as well.
ACTION	Please confirm with Sheila what time we will have the call this week and inform me.
ACTION	Please confirm you received the folders for the phone screens gave to your assistants yesterday afternoon.
ACTION	"Please confirm your availability to participate in the two and half week orientation via email to Tracy Arthur by Friday, December 22"
ACTION	"Please confirm your availability to participate in the two and half week orientation via email to Tracy Arthur by Friday, December 22, 2000."
ACTION	Please contact Chrysti Hardy to add their names into the group this week.
ACTION	Please contact Jon Alstad in my absence with any action items and input you may have in next coming days.
ACTION	Please contact me regarding the status of this progress and what needs to happen to expedite resolution to paragraph one.
ACTION	Please contact Stephanie to participate with Enron.
ACTION	Please continue to get approval above this amount from TCO Gas Control.
ACTION	Please continue to include me in all further intellegence reports regarding the situation in California.
ACTION	Please coordinate and support other developers to define solutions ASAP.
ACTION	Please coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.
ACTION	Please coordinate with Account Mangers in determining new business opportunities with potential customers.
ACTION	Please coordinate with other departments and investigate accidents and indentify root cause of damage.
ACTION	Please coordinate with supervisor and receive all materials and prepare necessary paperwork for same.
ACTION	Please cover the key items listed in the earlier email ASAP.
ACTION	Please create a new link to set up your account and add a new module.
ACTION	Please create accounts and make sure all of your traders are set up on this messeging board.
ACTION	Please create clean well executed design concepts to use for the new project.
ACTION	Please create data mapping from multiple data sources to a single domain model and send me the report.
ACTION	Please create manual invoice to MCV for the following item Contract 96001636 Price $2.46 Pipeline PEPL.
ACTION	"Please create new CPR index report and have it sort 1st byPub Code, 2nd by pipe, 3rd by zone."
ACTION	please create UI coding standards and let me know the status.
ACTION	Please create various different reports as required.
ACTION	please debug mixed-signal product test specifications and let me know the patterns.
ACTION	"Please delete Stuart Zisman, add me to your distribution list and send me the confirmation."
ACTION	Please develop and implement yard fire protection programs to ensure fire safety in this week only.
ACTION	Please develop and manage daily paperwork for invoicing and mailing.
ACTION	Please develop client product and underwriting files according to company standards.
ACTION	Please direct any questions to Dorie Hitchcock via email to get solved.
ACTION	Please direct your inquiry to David Scott at volume in row 364 incase of emergency.
ACTION	Please direct your questions and concerns in my direction and let me know in what areas you would like my assistance.
ACTION	Please discuss this with Kevin Presto's tranmission people Bill Rust on 31.
ACTION	Please discuss this with Morgan and finalize the list.
ACTION	Please discuss this with Morgan.
ACTION	please do research and find Evolution Markets COP special report by tomorrow.
ACTION	please do your best to sell off these additional positions.
ACTION	"Please document the sale and the other bids, timing issues, costs, and any other factors that led to or affected the sale."
ACTION	please double check to make sure the values are now correct.
ACTION	Please double check your volumes and contract numbers before updating the final report.
ACTION	Please email everyone with the end date when you find out.
ACTION	Please email me back to confirm receipt.
ACTION	Please email me back to confirm the meeting time.
ACTION	Please email me your Login and Password in the correct case so that can keep the file updated.
ACTION	Please email or call with an update.
ACTION	please email to kathy and chris about changes in the list once you add me.
ACTION	Please email your cost estimates when company confirm the plan
ACTION	Please email your cost estimates when complete.
ACTION	Please ensure compliance of all federal state and local laws that regulate collection processes.
ACTION	Please ensure consistency and accuracy of customer account deliverables.
ACTION	Please ensure customer satisfaction by providing high quality customer service.
ACTION	Please ensure delinquent account debtors to meet their debt obligations.
ACTION	Please ensure proper handling of all materials and store it appropriately to retrieve easily.
ACTION	Please ensure smooth transition as client moves among service models and let me know if you see any changes.
ACTION	Please ensure that the method used for measuring particulate matter can have significant impact on the particulate level determined.
ACTION	please ensure to file or mail copies for deposit tickets as well as adjustments to customers.
ACTION	Please ensure you log out at night in order to receive the upgrade.
ACTION	"Please everyone check your calendars as soon as possible and let me know if Wednesday, February 16th will work for our Off Site Meeting, so can schedule accordingly."
ACTION	please extend backup support on client communication and problem solving with in next two days.
ACTION	please extend the deal or create new deals as requested.
ACTION	please extend the deal to April so that can allocate it.
ACTION	Please extract from the database all unpaid and long pending account dues.
ACTION	Please file this in your Call Dave when you find this folder.
ACTION	Please fill out the attached activity data survey with March numbers for your RC by end of day.
ACTION	please find a team and pass this email on to the correct person who can resolve this.
ACTION	please find an updated Allocations schedule from ENA for 2002 Plan.
ACTION	please find an updated allocations schedule which now reflects in separate line the planned IT Infrastructure Allocation
ACTION	please find an updated Power Credit Watch List.
ACTION	"Please find and forward this to whoever in the Pipeline group does transport, especially Oasis."
ACTION	please find and send the most recent draft of UBS' 205 application for MBR.
ACTION	please find attached the Contract Schedule Summary between Enron and PG E.
ACTION	"Please find below the agenda for the 2002 Plan Review with Stan on Friday, October 12 in 49C2."
ACTION	Please find clean and blackline versions of the exhibits to the CA Energy Development Agreements.
ACTION	"please find copy of volumes delivered to Columbia Energy Services for March thru March 9, 2000 and send it to me."
ACTION	please find draft of the Schedule to Master Agreement in connection with the Wind River Conversion.
ACTION	please find draft papers for the approval of protocol as we discussed last week in Houston and draft MRT stipulation.
ACTION	please find instructions on retrieving Transmission Week
ACTION	"please find memo regarding the delay of ERCOT's cutover to single control area operations to July 31, 2001."
ACTION	please find memorandum containing the issues that we would like you to address
ACTION	please find our comments to Schedule and let us know further details.
ACTION	Please find people who like to test the application for this project.
ACTION	please find revised Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement to be entered into Enron Corp.
ACTION	please find schedule of planned allocations from ENA to other Business units.
ACTION	please find tentative schedule for the meetings for next month.
ACTION	Please find the agenda for Wednesday's meeting.
ACTION	"please find the last slide from the April 24, 2001 presentation for next presentation."
ACTION	Please find the lastest versions of the Protocols both clean and redlined versions and their cover pleadings.
ACTION	please find the latest Line 300 pipeline liquid sample test summary for the Hinkley and Kettleman districts.
ACTION	"Please find the latest version of the CA Development and II Agreements, as well as blaclines Document Nos."
ACTION	Please find the most recent version of the CA Development Agreement and Exhibits as well as blackline against the version circulated on December 4.
ACTION	please find the regulatory filing summary and summary of interventions and prepare a document.
ACTION	Please follow the instructions in TurboTax carefully to get best results.
ACTION	Please follow the memo below and continue to keep Eastrans deliveries at zero until further notified.
ACTION	Please follow the steps outlined here to access the Gas Message Board and let the team know.
ACTION	"please forward it on to the right person, ask them to complete and let me know who that is."
ACTION	Please forward me your passwords for the upcoming move.
ACTION	Please gather receipts so we can discuss on it for best results
ACTION	Please gather receipts so we can discuss.
ACTION	Please gather this information as soon as you can from Nancy Stivers.
ACTION	Please get back to me as soon as your schedule permits regarding the site visit
ACTION	Please get back to me as soon as your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any time.
ACTION	Please get back to us today as we need to get the Cash Approval Sheet to the credit committee this afternoon.
ACTION	please get contact name and phone number for this counterparty from deal so that we can send out the confirmation letter and the number we have in the system has been disconnected.
ACTION	please get good contact drop down list in deal entry.
ACTION	please get me schedule of my oustanding options and restricted stock including grant price and vesting dates.
ACTION	Please get the deal in the System this morning and let me know what the deal numbers are and will set up the arraignments and let you know what the Track ID's are.
ACTION	please give me an update on where things stand on the finalisation of the Guarantees and Schedule with Deutsche.
ACTION	Please give me call at X.35840 by Friday morning to raise resolve the raised issue.
ACTION	Please give me the following info for the activity behind Peoples Phillips Power Gas Marketing Term.
ACTION	Please give me your comments on this solution before we take the next step of the concept.
ACTION	Please give me your thoughts regarding deletion of Part of the Schedule and not utilizing the CSA to improve.
ACTION	please give this list to your new people and tell them to select the physical counterparties on the list.
ACTION	Please go ahead and make the changes you were planning to make and contribute to stimulating the economy.
ACTION	"Please go into your SAP profiles, check your Profile information and send me the accuracy."
ACTION	Please grant Dale full access and the others should receive the scaled down version.
ACTION	Please grant full access to Dale Furrow in retail risk management.
ACTION	please grant them the more limited access.
ACTION	Please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below.
ACTION	Please have this acknowledgement letter reviewed as soon as possible.
ACTION	Please have this number ready before you contact the technical support representative and get the complete details about that to move further.
ACTION	Please have your paper work into St.
ACTION	please help me out with his name and telephone number to reach the correct person where I can resolve my document issues.
ACTION	Please hire and train staff to develop and achieve all work objectives and evaluate performance on a regular basis for new project.
ACTION	Please identify business initiatives and improvements.
ACTION	Please include in your written request the mid number or map of the proposed location where you will be requesting to install compression.
ACTION	Please include Pat and Stella also in the discussion.
ACTION	Please include the room and time on the amtel.
ACTION	please include these grants in the portfolio manager.
ACTION	Please incorporate Dana's changes into the Master to test the design.
ACTION	"Please indicate what is the damage, and what are the steps that are now in place to fix the problem."
ACTION	Please inform all users of the Stentofon System of this change and pass this information to anyone that needs it.
ACTION	"please inform me of an alternate way to schedule an interview so that may talk to someone prior to the May 1, 2001 deadline."
ACTION	Please inform team to create marketing proposals and materials.
ACTION	please join us and reorganize my schedule to accommodate you.
ACTION	"Please join us on Saturday, April 15th to explore this incredible p.m."
ACTION	Please keep me informed of your plan and progress in handling this matter everyday and update to team as well.
ACTION	please keep the spreadsheet updated while I'm out because I need to work on it once I am bak.
ACTION	Please keep this email invoice for your records and also send a copy to me.
ACTION	Please keep track of customer balances all the time and update regularly.
ACTION	please keep you eyes open for similar initiatives in other markets.
ACTION	Please let Donna and myself know how to proceed with the ones in red.
ACTION	Please let everyone on this mailing list know once the changes have been made.
ACTION	Please let Marde know if you have preference as to which day you would like to meet with CNG.
ACTION	Please let me have your comments at your earliest convenience.
ACTION	Please let me know about access as soon as you get chance.
ACTION	Please let me know about the 19th to BGE to arrange the meeting.
ACTION	Please let me know about the scope of Sutherland's engagement.
ACTION	please let me know approximately how long it will take to be able to provide Jill with draft to send to the customer.
ACTION	"Please let me know ASAP, Brenda Herod would like this resolved today or not."
ACTION	Please let me know at your earliest convenience.
ACTION	"Please let me know good time to visit, so we can fix the problems."
ACTION	"Please let me know how the CARP report looks now, and call me with questions."
ACTION	Please let me know how to facilitate the process further.
ACTION	Please let me know how to proceed with these deals.
ACTION	Please let me know how you sourced the gas.
ACTION	Please let me know how you wish to handle the outstanding bonds..
ACTION	Please let me know how you would like to handle including of this special language in the confirmations.
ACTION	Please let me know if you can meet tomorrow afternoon around Everyone else is more than welcome to attend.
ACTION	Please let me know once we have understood your intent correctly.
ACTION	"Please let me know once you check forms and reports and discuss with management on format, so we can do distribution to identify compliance issues."
ACTION	"Please let me know that you received this email, so that we can assign the next task."
ACTION	Please let me know the best way to correct The biggest variance problem.
ACTION	Please let me know the contract numbers for the COH Production gas and path them in Gain if you don't mind.
ACTION	Please let me know the date by which you would like to see them so that we can arrange our schedules accordingly.
ACTION	Please let me know the final outcome on this and share the expected results.
ACTION	Please let me know the location so can have his office set up at later date.
ACTION	Please let me know the results so that I can redraft the sale through Unify.
ACTION	Please let me know the status of June 15 delivery date.
ACTION	Please let me know this morning what else should be putting together
ACTION	Please let me know this morning what else should be putting together.
ACTION	Please let me know today when we can get these contracts assigned.
ACTION	Please let me know today when you are available to discuss further.
ACTION	Please let me know what further can do from this end to prepare for tomorrow's meeting.
ACTION	Please let me know what portion and percentage of charges are reimbursed by Enron Canada.
ACTION	Please let me know what price Tenaska should be billed for these two days.
ACTION	Please let me know what steps we need to take at the West Desk to help complete this process.
ACTION	Please let me know what the payment schedule is for these amounts.
ACTION	Please let me know what the response is from them.
ACTION	Please let me know what time you will be out of the office for the month of November.
ACTION	Please let me know what to do to extend this deal 85.
ACTION	Please let me know what was booked for this deal.
ACTION	Please let me know what you find and update the same to team as well.
ACTION	Please let me know what you find out from Gerald.
ACTION	Please let me know what you think about this issue.
ACTION	Please let me know what your intentions are and if we can schedule meeting.
ACTION	Please let me know what your thoughts are about our new project via email.
ACTION	please let me know when the change has been made or if there is something that need to do.
ACTION	Please let me know when this has been done and will make the change asap.
ACTION	Please let me know when would be good time for us to speak about new features.
ACTION	Please let me know when you can meet today to discuss the MOU.
ACTION	please let me know when you get chance.
ACTION	please let me know when you have allocated the gas to these meters.
ACTION	Please let me know when you have contract number.
ACTION	Please let me know where to head in to resolve this.
ACTION	"Please let me know whether you can extend this deal or create new one, so that we can proceed further."
ACTION	Please let me know who is good for your positions to help prioritize the ones we should phone screen.
ACTION	please let me know who is handling this pricing issue
ACTION	Please let me know who is specifically responsible to settle this trade.
ACTION	Please let me know your thoughts about participating in the process.
ACTION	Please let me know your thoughts on the Master Firm review the attached contract.
ACTION	Please let me know your thoughts on this issue for T and other producers we buy from every month
ACTION	Please let me know your thoughts to execute the customer's plan.
ACTION	"Please let me know, as soon as possible, if this schedule creates conflict for you or not."
ACTION	"Please let me know, TJae Tamara, collegue in the Houston office forwarded on message from Kevin that should contact you to set up some telephone interviews with the following people"
ACTION	Please let us know the changes and what the new allocation is.
ACTION	Please let us know when the client has been added to the ACL.
ACTION	Please let us know your schedule so that we do not overly burden you during your visit.
ACTION	Please let us know your schedule to arrange for the conference.
ACTION	Please let your group know that they should now be calling Sean for assistance and further information also.
ACTION	Please link whatever you have done to make it work and go ahead and adjust the deals to bring us in balance.
ACTION	Please look into this and let me know of any problems in making these changes.
ACTION	Please look over the attached and let the manager know your comments via email by tomorrow.
ACTION	Please look over this schedule and see if you agree with my thinking.
ACTION	Please maintain accurate and complete customer account information.
ACTION	Please maintain and review account plans for meeting the defined targets.
ACTION	Please maintain broad knowledge of customer account regarding its target industry and competitors.
ACTION	Please maintain sufficient planning reserves.
ACTION	Please make an effort to review this content and get it back to me by next week COB Nov.
ACTION	"Please make any other changes that may be needed regarding employees, titles, etc."
ACTION	Please make appropriate changes in Sitara.
ACTION	Please make copies for me and update it to me.
ACTION	Please make every effort to make this work and let me know the status of work.
ACTION	Please make note of my new contact information and share to all managers after the meeting.
ACTION	"please make sure Chris, they should be from local production."
ACTION	Please make sure to contribute actively to system-level verification of Mixed-Signal solutions.
ACTION	Please make sure when you select your choice that you can't expect your ballot to be recounted!!!
ACTION	Please make sure you integrate best practices in each application development data visualization and process flows.
ACTION	please make the team understand IC industry practices company methods and participate.
ACTION	Please make this clear in our proposal and make sure the volume shape is exactly the same as our JEA obligation.
ACTION	Please manage and update customer database.
ACTION	Please manage bank deposit and cash disbursement activities without any errors.
ACTION	Please manage change requests for customer accounts.
ACTION	"Please mark your calendar and use it on tomorrow's conference call, and is attached."
ACTION	Please mark your calendar for the Monthly Regulatory Meeting to review the RTO to test newly added feature.
ACTION	Please monitor my book and others to make certain DEC deals are not being transferred prior to NX1 at an IF monthly or GD daily mid price.
ACTION	Please monitor work of employees and initiate disciplinary actions as required daily.
ACTION	Please nominate the following volumes baseload for the rest of March starting Brian Perrone agree upon.
ACTION	Please note that John is in Calgary and has 1 hour time difference and Tim is in Seattle with 2 hour time difference.
ACTION	"Please note that will be out of the office until Tuesday, January 8."
ACTION	Please note the email sent to Virginia below requesting additional information for this meeting.
ACTION	Please note the following changes since our Energy Operations PRC in June and complete it as early as possible.
ACTION	please notify me and Lisa Cousino immediately once you start getting results.
ACTION	Please organize incoming claims data for effective retrieval.
ACTION	Please organize your vacation on the west desk calendar with Ina and coordinate any early afternoon departures with Ina and myself.
ACTION	Please park outside the complex and get the work done as soon as possible.
ACTION	Please participate and give group overview.
ACTION	Please pass along information to Logistics person that nominates on particular pipe.
ACTION	please pass on to others that missed in your arena.
ACTION	Please pass this info to all of our traders through call
ACTION	Please pass this meeting invitation on to those relevant in the organization.
ACTION	please perform this for me so that Anita can set up an accounting arrangement for me.
ACTION	Please pick up your tickets from Patti Walsh at EB2015a.
ACTION	Please plan to attend and let me know which conference room to gather as soon as it has been assigned.
ACTION	Please plan to attend follow up meeting to discuss what is needed as far as position screens for trading transportation capacity on EOL.
ACTION	Please plan to attend meeting to discuss Calp Transport Setup.
ACTION	Please plan to have the data rerouted back down the target line for Daren.
ACTION	Please post this to the 30012000 account and forward the confirmation.
ACTION	Please prepare and deliver customer account reports in timely and accurate manner.
ACTION	Please Prepare and promote schedule for group and assist participant to attend meetings.
ACTION	Please prepare business presentations and reports for customers.
ACTION	Please prepare by reviewing this document and bring copy with you on the 11th.
ACTION	Please prepare verification environment as well as plans for mixed-signal blocks utilizing Cadence AMS.
ACTION	Please print and save file for me.
ACTION	please provide breakdown and variance explanations.
ACTION	Please provide brief personal history of the two principals involved in Creekside.
ACTION	"Please provide copy to your boss and with good recommendation, so that we can schedule the meeting this week."
ACTION	Please provide courteous services to customers while ensuring collection of dues.
ACTION	Please provide daily support of business operations to customers.
ACTION	Please provide feedback on the employee listed below by accessing the Performance Management System PEP and completing an online feedback form as described in the Performance Management Quick Reference Guide.
ACTION	Please provide him with spread option model that includes the curve fetch function.
ACTION	Please provide Kara with contract numbers in the morning.
ACTION	Please provide responses to customer inquiries in a professional manner.
ACTION	Please provide some additional clarification including the following information so that Enron can decide how to best respond to the filing by evening.
ACTION	Please provide the names and numbers of several subcontractors used on recent projects.
ACTION	Please provide the requested information as mentioned by the end of the day.
ACTION	"Please provide us with your own preliminary list of issues by midday, Wednesday, September 13."
ACTION	Please put all deals under Exelon Generation from tomorrow.
ACTION	Please put on calender As most of you may know the New Albany Purchase and Sales Agreement has been executed.
ACTION	please put on schedule Tracy Arthur Associates who have made significant contributions to ENA.
ACTION	Please put together list of accomplishments for the first six months which can help us.
ACTION	Please raise that this report is originating from the SITARA database.
ACTION	Please read it and let me know your comments.
ACTION	Please read Jennifer's note below and let me know how you are currently dealing with EOL deals that have flow outside the original range of the deal.
ACTION	Please refer calls from the trade press and other media inquiries to the Public Relations group.
ACTION	Please refer calls only from the trade press and other media inquiries to the Public Relations group.
ACTION	Please reference the meeting as Systems Meeting and also note that there will be follow up meeting.
ACTION	Please reinstate my travel schedule for the Enron Legal Conference next week.
ACTION	Please release the following capacity to Boston same as offer 50136 for February 2002.
ACTION	Please remember to get Jim Murnan the info.
ACTION	please remove me from all future distributions and send me the remaining list.
ACTION	Please remove my name and information from the registered use
ACTION	Please remove my name and information from the registered user list.
ACTION	"Please report to me or Susan Lindberg, any suspicous denials or TLRs that you think may have been enacted as result of such security actions."
ACTION	please reschedule the conference call and send confirmation email to Mike and Steve Swift
ACTION	"please reschedule them for Wednesday or Thursday afternoon this week, so we can discuss the attendees list for the meeting."
ACTION	Please resend in excel or pdf format.
ACTION	Please resend it and will roll it for this week this morning.
ACTION	Please resolve customer issues/concerns in a timely manner.
ACTION	Please respond and let me know your status on the given work.
ACTION	Please respond back to me when the changes have been made and Enron's back office can check out that.
ACTION	"Please respond by Monday, March 4th as everyone is available to discuss."
ACTION	"Please respond to me as soon as possible with your comments, and please pass it on to anyone else who needs to see it."
ACTION	"Please return these surveys by end of day Wednesday, April 5th."
ACTION	Please review and advise the numbers as per Enron's records.
ACTION	"Please review and be prepared to dicuss on FRIDAY morning, so we can take the decision."
ACTION	Please review and forward to the appropriate Enron personell for approval.
ACTION	"Please review and if there is anything else that Rita Wynne need to know about this deal, just let her know."
ACTION	Please review and inform me which is recorded accurately.
ACTION	"Please review and let me know if this is what you had in Jim, to be involved in the process."
ACTION	Please review and let me know when this has been accomplished and will retry to download in Unify.
ACTION	Please review and let us know of any proposed changes.
ACTION	Please review and provide feedback.
ACTION	Please review available information for the Last three months of analytical on liquids from the pipeline and take the help if needed to complete.
ACTION	Please review for any final comments as well as you comments on allocations.
ACTION	Please review for clairty and content on the document which is completed by John.
ACTION	please review it and let me know the changes you would like to make.
ACTION	Please review my review of the transition period operating hour limitations.
ACTION	please review the Ariz air rules at definition of major source esp subsec to avoid new source review.
ACTION	Please review the attached balance sheet with Matt and get his sign off as soon as possible.
ACTION	Please review the attached schedule for the tokenized products and respond.
ACTION	Please review the attached worksheet listing Transmission and Generation additions.
ACTION	"Please review the attached, and if it makes sense, perhaps we can schedule call to discuss and wrap things up."
ACTION	Please review the attachment and let's discuss for the best results.
ACTION	Please review the central desk scheduler responsible for the Cilco account from Lisa Kinsey.
ACTION	Please review the Comments tab and resolve the major issues with in a week.
ACTION	Please review the enclosed and advise of any additional comments.
ACTION	Please review the FANSonly Privacy Statement.
ACTION	Please review the fifth attachment PIBA Workshop Notes for my short synopsis.
ACTION	Please review the file and make the changes in Sitara today.
ACTION	Please review the following deals and settle with the customers who have problem with in a week.
ACTION	Please review the following discrepancy and let me know what the price should be.
ACTION	please review the following zones by Monday.
ACTION	"Please review them, especially the schedules and exhibits, so we can finalize all the issues without having to go back and check on bunch of items."
ACTION	Please review this and let me know how can we live with these warranty provisions.
ACTION	Please review this information and let me know via email if RAC requires the documents.
ACTION	please review this spreadsheet and provide the State and County information that you may have for the listed meters.
ACTION	please review your project schedule with each supervisor and let me know the comments.
ACTION	"Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement Inbox by logging into eProcurement at your eHRonline and Payables logon information."
ACTION	"Please review, monitor, and if necessary, adjust the storage withdrawals to avoid overruns and the resulting penalties as provided in Section 35.3B of the General Terms and Conditions."
ACTION	Please save and send this message to all the teams for future reference.
ACTION	"Please schedule and set up conference call between Jon Chapman, Sarah Gregory, Michelle and me regarding the data protection policy."
ACTION	Please schedule both June 14 and July 18 on my calendar.
ACTION	Please schedule conference call with your corporate lawyer Clement Abrams to discuss the current issues.
ACTION	Please schedule some time with Kevin Moore to go to level and train Vince Kaminski on the Avistar system.
ACTION	"Please schedule time to partcipate at your earliest opportunity, as this effort will be success for our group."
ACTION	"Please schedule your flight to arrive to the San Francisco airport on Monday, October 16th."
ACTION	Please see attached documents and start working on your dedicated tasks assigned to you.
ACTION	Please see Technical Bulletin from day ahead external transactions.
ACTION	Please see the attached notice regarding the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's request to the NYISO for data relating to generator unit outages and give the rating.
ACTION	Please see the attached spreadsheet for trade by trade list and summary.
ACTION	Please see the attachment below for items to be discussed and let me know if there are additional items to be added as soon as possible.
ACTION	please see the new schedule for January and arrange the meetings with managers.
ACTION	Please see the revised schedule and ticket information provided by the Astros and plan accordingly.
ACTION	"Please select the individual from your company who will attend these sessions, and forward the attached registration brochure to them."
ACTION	Please send him the Feb and Mar activity.
ACTION	Please send me an email to let me know you got this.
ACTION	Please send me one page hard copy by tomorrow.
ACTION	"Please send me the correct information, being careful to list the supervisor's complete name."
ACTION	Please send me the info on Enron Compression Services that I'll need to fill in the front left side of the GISB.
ACTION	Please send me the normal files as before and start making changes.
ACTION	Please send me your Assistants name and number so can schedule time for you and Kevin for meeting next week.
ACTION	Please send out an adjustment for the decrease to New Power.
ACTION	"Please send them to my house 8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055."
ACTION	"please send this blank matrix to the project manager and have them complete the title information amd items through in the upper box on the first page, then send it to me."
ACTION	Please send this email to anyone that may need to see it.
ACTION	Please send this file to Jeff and check with him to see if he or someone in their group can do.
ACTION	Please send this to the appropriate folks at Squire Sanders today.
ACTION	Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.
ACTION	"Please send your list of issues, as well as mailing list information, by Next week."
ACTION	Please set up an interview for me one afternoon during the next couple of weeks and send me the formalities to do before attending.
ACTION	Please set up meeting for this afternoon and invite the following people.
ACTION	Please set up meeting with Steve Kean to discuss expert finder asap on Thursday.
ACTION	"Please set up reserve for this amount in March 2001 as this will be offset by an unbudgeted market support payment to Southwest Gas Corporation in December 2001 of $142,000."
ACTION	"Please set up the following CES Equitrans, LP contracts with ENA as agent."
ACTION	Please set up the following CGAS contracts.
ACTION	Please set up the following contract with ENA as agent for Columbia Energy Marketing.
ACTION	Please set up the following Sonat contract with ENA as agent for CES Pipeline Southern Natural Firmness Firm Service.
ACTION	Please settle charges with FERC that the company was purposely withholding electricity from California's power market.
ACTION	Please share the project details ASAP with your organizations.
ACTION	please shed some light on these issues or at least guide me to someone who can.
ACTION	Please show this email to the CES Transco scheduler for confirmation.
ACTION	Please sign both documents and FedEx them to me at the address described below.
ACTION	please start showing the West orig as Gas web from today onwards.
ACTION	Please start the deliveries on the 10th and inform to all.
ACTION	Please stay in touch with the team and send the updates to me.
ACTION	Please stick him on John Please put me on the trading track interview schedule for this afternoon.
ACTION	Please still let me know where you guys are going to be and if anything changes I'll update you all.
ACTION	Please submit your news by noon Wednesday.
ACTION	Please submit your written application to Joe Thompson at the Dominion Gathering Production Office.
ACTION	Please summarize and hand out to traders.
ACTION	Please summarize for us the status of the report sent recently in the meeting.
ACTION	Please supervise all customer and company staff in all TD operations.
ACTION	Please take immediate action to satisfy this call prior to the close of the market be forced to take action to satisfy the call by selling some or all of your portfolio.
ACTION	Please take look and let Elizabeth know which price should be in Sitara.
ACTION	Please take look at this and make whatever corrections are necessary with in 2 days.
ACTION	"Please take this extended opportunity to nominate that special individual who is your everyday hero and role model who exemplifies Enron's core values of Respect, Integrity, Communication and Excellence."
ACTION	Please talk to Doug directly on the justification and let me know.
ACTION	please talk to Mallory about the counterparty name to confirm.
ACTION	"Please talk to Vance Taylor about this in the next meeting, so we can take the proper steps."
ACTION	please talk to your KN trader regarding this situation tomorrow.
ACTION	Please talk with the shipper and ask that they adjust the volume each day as requested.
ACTION	"please test component like design, data and monitor development as soon as possible"
ACTION	"Please test the application as you would normally use it and let me know by way of email or phone call if Deal Entry is working well, and can be migrated to Production."
ACTION	Please try and schedule the appraiser for sometime after 5 p.m.
ACTION	Please try and schedule the appraiser for sometime after meeting
ACTION	Please try to check this before you open any applications and send me the report immediatelty once you are done.
ACTION	Please try to have your business needs concluded prior to this outage.
ACTION	Please unsuspend and bill the following Jan CES deals Deal Pipe volume Amount Comment 145311 ANR 5071 11992.92.
ACTION	please update all records on research process and maintain it on filling system and ensure proper storage.
ACTION	Please update everyone that our weekly conference call was rescheduled to Tuesday.
ACTION	Please update your morning sheet with new AN52's.
ACTION	Please use confirmation number 506303 to access the playback.
ACTION	please use the Lotus Notes calendar to set up an appointment with me at your convenience during the week.
ACTION	Please use the rentroll 1215 file to input the correct information on all these tenants.
ACTION	Please use the rentroll 1215 file to input the correct information on all these tests
ACTION	Please use these changes and enter the deal changes in updated version.
ACTION	Please use this one instead of the one sent you this morning.
ACTION	please utilize me as resource for any PowerPoint presentations and data gathering that you may need done.
ACTION	Please verify that these users currently have access to the proper desk and have the correct role given their function.
ACTION	Please verify the following info to confirm for deal.
ACTION	Please verify the price and let me know if we need to change the deal ticket or not.
ACTION	Please verify the price and let me know what you find out.
ACTION	Please verify to provide copy of the blanket permit with the filing.
ACTION	Please verify which price is correct.
ACTION	Please verify which rate should be using in billing EES.
ACTION	Please view the attached NNG Reserve Schedule for August 2001 and reschedule it.
ACTION	Please visit the site and enter the validation code VYCKF when prompted.
ACTION	"Please welcome our new employee, Gabriela and show her the job resposibilities."
ACTION	Please Work with Sales Managers to meet sales objectives.
ACTION	Please wrap up the phone interviews ASAP.
ACTION	please write description on how Consumers Energy works on the billing for title transfers
ACTION	"Please, check with Vasant, he will introduce you to the credit team and let me know once it is done."
ACTION	"Please, contact my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw at 713 853 5290 to schedule an interview."
ACTION	"Please, give me call Tuesday morning and shall carve out an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper."
ACTION	plese get design and execute mixed analog-digital product validation utilizing high level languages.
ACTION	Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.
ACTION	"Populate the attached worksheets on Stack Website for East, West Financial Gas Trader Access and return to me once complete."
ACTION	"Prepare an annual document that will be posted on the ERCOT website, which explains how the commercially significant constraints CSCs will be handled."
ACTION	Prepare the Letter and send it to ABB for their comments.
ACTION	"Priscilla, Let me know when you're available and we'll go over each item on the invoice to make sure it is correct."
ACTION	"Proctor Shemin, Please review and approve at your convenience."
ACTION	"Promote and track sales to systems integrators such as Accenture, KPMG, PwC, etc."
ACTION	Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products.
ACTION	Provide brief personal history of the two principals involved in Creekside.
ACTION	Provide funds to support comprehensive residential conservation efforts in both owner occupied and rental properties.
ACTION	"Provide more reliable and efficient power with lower emissions and noise than only require the simplest of gases and throw off only water and heat as hydrogen and oxygen, separated by catalyst."
ACTION	"Publish that Enron's offices will be closed in observance of Martin Luther King Day this coming Monday, January 21."
ACTION	Pull in their first driveway and drive back through the first gate and park by the barn.
ACTION	"Put notes about new tasks on the Weekly Report for week ending December 8, 2000."
ACTION	Put your initials at the end of the note everytime so we know who made it.
ACTION	Quickly create compact software demos that guide users through realistic simulation of any application.
ACTION	Raise $10 million for subsidizing the utility bills of poor people and for weatherizing their homes to cut energy consumption.
ACTION	Raise the base price from $60 to $100.
ACTION	Read how Jeff would solve the problems in California and apply in our project.
ACTION	Read the teaser for more information and guess the next step to continue.
ACTION	"Rebecca, check with Daren Farmer when you get ready to do the flash invoice on the first to confirm the MidCon volume amounts and dates."
ACTION	"Recitfy the problem why, some students in E203 have not received the emails that have been sending out."
ACTION	redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities.
ACTION	Relieve the local congestion related to the wind generation projects in the Rio Pecos area.
ACTION	Remind me to tell you about the terroristic threat at High School.
ACTION	Replace the Subject field with the word REMOVE from the next time while sending emails to your team.
ACTION	report to the EWS Office of the Chairman.
ACTION	Research and let me know about what time would be convenient for the next meeting.
ACTION	Reserve the below date on your schedule for Tuesday and please attend the training.
ACTION	Reserve your Guardian Angel for that special someone.
ACTION	Resolve the QFs' financial issues as it is out first priority.
ACTION	Retail to cover market area requirments.
ACTION	Retrofit some of the reservoir's pumps to produce electricity.
ACTION	"Return the envelope to me, also mail it with the application and other materials directly to the school."
ACTION	Review and remove the obstacles that prevent business from investing in toured this morning.
ACTION	Review it and send me the changes.
ACTION	"Review the comments received from market participants on the draft goals we sent out to the tie list, and finalize list of goals to serve as input to the NYISO internal business planning process."
ACTION	Review the following systems presented in this spreadsheet for your group and let us know if you in fact use all these systems.
ACTION	Revise proposed Decision in the Gas Restructuring Investigation.
ACTION	RH Please let me know your thoughts as soon as possible.
ACTION	"Richard, Compare your california production to the numbers in the 2000 California Gas Report."
ACTION	"Richard, please see my changes to Schedule meeting with John and Rick and check the availability."
ACTION	Rika Please assemble project team to make the data more user friendly.
ACTION	Rika please assign this to our analysts covering emissions.
ACTION	"Robert, let's deliver 1,000 day to Cove Point off CGAS for May."
ACTION	"Robert, please check on this with the TCO schedulers and let me know what you find out."
ACTION	Rogers Please give the names of the plants effected ASAP.
ACTION	"Rose, ""CALIFORNIA POWER CRISIS UPDATE"" scheduled on Wednesday, May 16, 2001 participate in the call."
ACTION	run query and check the other deals to make sure the time zone is correct because if not they will not be scheduled correctly for April.
ACTION	"Rusty, Let's meet at your convenience."
ACTION	"Sandra, just have to get with Chris Germany to see if he can confirm this deal."
ACTION	"Sara, please copy Keegan on the schedule so she can put the meetings on my calendar."
ACTION	"Sarah Novosel, please review the attached draft Enron comments in response to the San Diego request for natural gas price caps."
ACTION	"Sarah Novosel, please review the attached draft Enron comments in response to the San Diego request for natural gas priority"
ACTION	"Sarah, mark your calendars for meeting next thursday!"
ACTION	Schedule informal meeting with FERC staff to educate and get advice on further steps.
ACTION	Schedule the new volume under the gathering.
ACTION	"Scott, prepare a project of the following 12 fixed price deals between ENA and CES that were assigned to New Power."
ACTION	Search the archives of the Los Angeles Times for similar stories.
ACTION	See highlighted entries for details and report me the status.
ACTION	"See the last home games for just $74 Hurricanes Host Mountaineers Thursday, October 25."
ACTION	Send CES copies of the demand charges for Jan 2000.
ACTION	Send emails to Christi for further assistance on East power desk issues.
ACTION	Send her an appropriate offer instead of just sending an email.
ACTION	Send me an email describing the zero option so can pass it along to the other SME's.
ACTION	Send O.R for this meeting and we will set up secondary date for the others.
ACTION	Separate the Centena term deal from the spot deal in Sitara for March 2000 production.
ACTION	"Serena, Please use the new sheet to schedule the upcoming meetings."
ACTION	Set up new deal to cover this flow or extend the deal from Feb.
ACTION	Share something delicious even if you can't be there for the big selected GREATFOOD.COM 10 off collection.
ACTION	"Shaw, maintain their business operations, which benefits the California economy."
ACTION	"Shemin, let me know what is our Dominion status by tomorrow."
ACTION	"Shemin, please view this diagram as supplement to the Administrative Protocols that Mark Ellenberg is finishing up and help on this."
ACTION	Show us how you can participate and profit in this lucrative market in the the new millenium.
ACTION	"Since that is possible, send them by Tuesday."
ACTION	"Since your team is new, please check with everyone and let me know if you can make our next scheduled EDF meeting."
ACTION	"Smith, please setup conference room for this conference call"
ACTION	So make sure to open your newsletters on December 25 through December 31 to get truly special Free Reports.
ACTION	So take it you haven't Chris Germany Did you ever send CES copies of the demand charges for Jan 2000.
ACTION	Sort out any possible differences privately.
ACTION	"Stacey, just want you to make sure that Tom and Sam will be preparing these documents."
ACTION	Stay on CR 101 for 0.4 miles until you see Kennedy Rd and Please add the following demand charges to the manual invoice.
ACTION	"Steffes, please add this to the agenda for Thursday."
ACTION	"Stephen, go ahead and print the tasking letter and I'll initial it."
ACTION	"Steven, In addition to the potential State Board of Equalization regulatory reversal we discussed this morning, please also promote that AB 81 Migden is being gutted and amended to provide for SBOE assessment of all electric generating facilities that produce 50 MW or more of generation."
ACTION	Stop by the Idea Vault at the ThinkBank and find out how to continue.
ACTION	Stop supplying electricity as the latter continued to default on payments.
ACTION	Submit your news by noon today.
ACTION	Support the closing of the Intergen transaction.
ACTION	"Susan, please be on the lookout for FE's tariff filings in compliance with this order."
ACTION	"Susan, please implement Mr.Smith's request soon."
ACTION	"Susan, revise the agreement and fax it to the customers."
ACTION	"Taffy, please let Ann Elizabeth know that we will reschedule the meeting."
ACTION	Take another step towards its quest to acquire oil gas assets announced today that it has enlisted the services of Edison Oil and Gas Ltd.
ACTION	Take charge of your personal finances
ACTION	Take good notes on the questions that come up when speaking with Mark.
ACTION	Take look at it when you get chance.
ACTION	Take look at the document and let me know what you think.
ACTION	"Talk to Robert Jones in HR and Mark Taylor in legal to make sure we understand my committment and that it doesn't conflict with any Enron policy, etc."
ACTION	"Talk with Kay Mann regarding expansion of Kilpatrick's scope to define these processes zoning, annexation, and conditional use permitting for us."
ACTION	Talk with Kay regarding option conveyance document and lease agreement.
ACTION	"Ted, I need to have the price for the East Texas redelivery changed in the price for this redelivery point."
ACTION	"Ted, please coordinate with Karen Marshall in community relations to have check for Brandon today."
ACTION	"Terry, see several deals out there for Beldan and Blake all at NYSEG but with different prices."
ACTION	Test complex data sets in easily comprehendible ways and please let me know the outputs.
ACTION	"Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc."
ACTION	"Thanks again, T.Jae Please submit any changes or questions about the hotlist by the end of the day today."
ACTION	"Thanks Angie, please send any CNG EBB postings pertaining to Appalachian production to John, Jim, Heidi, Scott, Dick and myself."
ACTION	"Thanks, Melissa Send her digital picture, and introduce yourself to her."
ACTION	"Thanks, Monica Please send more details regarding this meeting.,True"
ACTION	"The implementation of incorporating PJM West into PJM must occur on January 1, 2002 as planned."
ACTION	"Then, complete the attached Certification and return it, with attachments, to Linda Guinn at EB 3829a no later than February 11, 2002."
ACTION	"Therefore, please encourage your direct reports and managers to participate in the below events in order to secure candidates for your business area."
ACTION	Theresa please consider sending rep for market trials requirements and possible settlement issues.
ACTION	"Theresa, please create separate line item for each capex for this year."
ACTION	"Tim, please set up meeting and we can discuss."
ACTION	"TJ, Please provide me with the latest hard copy tonight so can have one final meeting with my direct reports to get final confirmation for East Power seating."
ACTION	"To make it work, either push the payment schedule back, or move the unit delivery date forward."
ACTION	"Tom, Let's leave everything as it is currently and review the meters in couple of days to see if the increases actually occur."
ACTION	Tracy Please note the attached conversion and change the name.
ACTION	"Tracy, make sure Karl is aware of the change in the schedule here."
ACTION	Transfer its 24.5 percent stake in Dolphin to UOG for an undisclosed amount.
ACTION	Try and pull together the support for these items and get back
ACTION	Try and pull together the support for these items and get back to me.
ACTION	Turn right for entrance into the Atrium an area similar to shopping mall located in the center of the airport between the North and South terminals.
ACTION	update Demand Mismatch Orders for all primary pools in AGLC areas.
ACTION	Update the rates described in the spreadsheet.
ACTION	Update the volumes as necessary and then release the deals.
ACTION	Update us once you invest in something people USE everyday and will continue to use everyday.
ACTION	Update your arrival time on Saturday and departure on Monday so we can plan around them both.
ACTION	"Use Ben Jacoby at 1400 Smith, Houston, 77002 for notices and invoices for purposes of the draft."
ACTION	Use the above to formulate project plan.
ACTION	Verify all claims and do your own due diligence.
ACTION	verify that sean or diana did both of these deals twice.
ACTION	verify the creditworthiness of the company we are selling.
ACTION	Verify this for Elizabeth and let me know the status ASAP.
ACTION	"Victor, please move the daily volumes to deal 149778."
ACTION	"Visit the Power Online Professional Store and browse, purchase the latest books."
ACTION	Visit the ThinkBank to get the rest of the story on these ideas.
ACTION	We need to talk ASAP about how to get these details from them and perhaps negotiate the $4.3 million.
ACTION	"We request all of you to attend your designated session as valuable information will be presented, and you will have the opportunity to get answers to your questions."
ACTION	"when your group currently generating standard report that captures the surveyed data, please send the report to me, and put me on your recipient list beginning next month."
ACTION	"While you're there, add some thoughts of your own to any of the ongoing discussions."
ACTION	"William Kasemervisz, make sure your group is looking out for the new update."
ACTION	Work with Kim Melodick in HR to get me the updates daily
ACTION	Work with the Bush transition team to make sure that someone from the new administration is focused on the issue.
ACTION	Write me note about what is going on and what issues you need my help to deal with when you send the rentroll.
ACTION	Write verification plans specifications and documentation today and send me.
ACTION	you have to expand on the maintenance tools.
ACTION	You have to resolve Enron's ongoing concerns at any cost.
ACTION	Your task is to deliver them to Janet for execution.
NORMAL	Twitter is buzzing with people's reaction to a viral email screenshot, which talks in length about how the European MP's were invited to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visit Kashmir .
NORMAL	But the biggest questions are being raised on the identity of the woman behind the NGO that organised the trip.
NORMAL	Madi Sharma has been identified as the woman behind the invitation that is making the rounds of the internet.
NORMAL	The screenshot of the email exchange was shared by the office of Chris Davies, Member of the European Parliament for North West England, who was a part of the EU delegation visiting Kashmir to see the situation on the ground.
NORMAL	Davies couldn't be a part of the trip as the invitation was reportedly cancelled.
NORMAL	The EU office issued a clarification that the MPs were visiting India in a personal capacity and not as an official EU delegation.
NORMAL	The same was mentioned in the email exchange note that was sent by Brussels-based British PIO Madi Sharma.
NORMAL	But who is Madi Sharma?
NORMAL	Here's everything you need to know about the woman everyone is curious about.
NORMAL	Madi Sharma's official bio on her Twitter profile says has the following titles, Social Capitalist: International Business Broker, Educational Entrepreneur and Speaker.
NORMAL	Made Sharma has an official website, which has everything about her work as a speaker and an entrepreneur.
NORMAL	Madi Sharma founded and runs Madi Group, which is a group of the international private sector, not-for-profit companies and NGOs.
NORMAL	Madi Sharma ran a non-governmental organisation called WESTT (Women's Economic and Social Think Tank).
NORMAL	She is a member of the Employers Group of The European Economic and Social Committee in Brussels.
NORMAL	Madi Sharma also published an article titled "Why demolishing Article 370 is both a victory and a challenge for Kashmiri women," which was published in EP Today.
NORMAL	Mukesh Ambani, the country's biggest industrialist, believes the slowdown in the Indian economy is temporary and the recent measures taken by the government will ensure that the crisis will blow over in the next few quarters.
NORMAL	"Yes, there has been a slight slowdown (in the Indian economy).
NORMAL	But my own view is that it is temporary," Ambani said in Riyadh at Saudi Arabia's annual investment forum that has been dubbed the "Davos in the Desert".
NORMAL	"All the reform measures that have been taken in the last few months will see the outcome and I am quite sure that in coming quarter this will reverse," the Indian tycoon said at the Future Investment Initiative (FII) conference held ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Saudi Arabia.
NORMAL	Ambani's upbeat view does not square with the depressing stream of macroeconomic data in the past few months, especially after growth in the Indian economy slowed to 5 per cent in the April-June quarter, the slowest in over six years.
NORMAL	The government has announced a string of measures over the past couple of months to revive the economy and stoke credit offtake.
NORMAL	Banks have been primed with more capital, the basic corporate tax rate has been cut and the central bank has cut rates five times this year with little sign of the much hoped for revival.
NORMAL	Ambani, who is in talks with Saudi Arabian oil giant Aramco to sell one-fifth of his oil-to-chemical business in India for $15 billion, said the two countries have common factors to drive growth: technology, young demography and leadership.
NORMAL	"Above all, there is a leadership accelerator.
NORMAL	Both the countries are blessed with leadership that is unique in the whole world, at least in today's time," he said, referring to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud and his son Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz.
NORMAL	Saudi Arabia, he said, has seen tremendous transformation in the past two to three years.
NORMAL	"For me, this is 1980 vintage China or India of the 1990s where India really took on the world map."
NORMAL	Ambani, the chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries Ltd, was speaking at the forum on the topic "The next decade: How will a new era of economic ambition shape the global economy?"
NORMAL	Unlike most businesses, Ambani has good reason for cheer.
NORMAL	His digital services and retail businesses grew by 43 per cent and 27 per cent in the second quarter enabling RIL to report a record net profit of Rs 11,262 crore.
NORMAL	It is also sitting on $19 billion of cash -- one of the biggest troves in India Inc.
NORMAL	Besides the Aramco deal, Ambani has seen Jio emerge as the country's largest mobile telephony company -- a position that will consolidate further as his rivals Airtel and Vodafone grapple with the huge payout burden resulting from last week's Supreme Court verdict that upheld the validity of the government's demands on licence fee dues.
NORMAL	The Aramco deal is supposed to close in the first half of 2020 and will rank as one of the largest foreign investments in India.
NORMAL	As part of the deal, Aramco will provide Reliance's refinery business with about 500,000 barrels of oil a day.
NORMAL	Security was stepped up in Kashmir on Wednesday following the terror attack in Kulgam district in which five labourers from West Bengal were killed, even as a complete shutdown disrupted normal life across the valley, officials said.
NORMAL	Security personnel along with a flying squad have been deployed in several areas in the city and across the valley, especially in South Kashmir.
NORMAL	The officials said random checking of vehicles and frisking of people was being done as part of the security drill.
NORMAL	The deployment of additional security personnel was done in the wake of the killing of five migrant labourers in Kulgam district of south Kashmir on Tuesday night.
NORMAL	Another labourer was injured and has been shifted to a hospital here.
NORMAL	The officials said the security personnel were alert to thwart any attempts by anti-national elements to target non-locals or to derail peace in the valley.
NORMAL	Normal life remained affected across the Kashmir valley for the 87th day on Wednesday following the abrogation of Article 370.
NORMAL	Clashes broke out at several places in Kashmir on Tuesday leaving several persons injured.
NORMAL	The clashes took place at a time when a delegation of European Union lawmakers is on a two-day visit to the valley.
NORMAL	The officials said markets remained closed on Wednesday, while public transport remained off the roads.
NORMAL	Roadside vendors, who had regularly set up their stalls over the past two months, also did not turn up for the second consecutive day on Wednesday, they said.
NORMAL	The annual board examinations for class 10 and class 12 are being held as per schedule.
NORMAL	Class 10 examinations began on Tuesday, while the class 12 exams are scheduled to start from Wednesday afternoon.
NORMAL	Landline and post-paid mobile phone services have been restored across the valley, but all Internet services continued to remain suspended since 5 August.
NORMAL	Most of the top-level and second-rung separatist politicians have been taken into preventive custody while mainstream leaders including two former chief ministers -- Omar Abdullah and Mehbooba Mufti - have been either detained or placed under house arrest.
NORMAL	The government has detained former chief minister and sitting Lok Sabha MP from Srinagar Farooq Abdullah under the controversial Public Safety Act.
NORMAL	A DAY after a 26-year-old man died, allegedly in the custody of Wadala Truck Terminal police station in Mumbai, five policemen from the police station were suspended on Tuesday, with Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis demanding that action be taken in the matter.
NORMAL	A couple, with whom the deceased had a tiff on Sunday night, was also booked by the police.
NORMAL	In a statement, the Mumbai Police said that assistant inspector Salim Khan, sub-inspector Sandeep Kadam and constables Bhabal, Chaure and Chole have been suspended and the Crime Branch is probing the matter.
NORMAL	The incident is being treated as a case of custodial death, said a police spokesperson.
NORMAL	The deceased, Sion Koliwada resident Vijay Singh, who worked as a medical representative, died after he was detained at the police station for questioning on Sunday.
NORMAL	While his family members and friend have alleged that he was beaten to death in police custody, the police have claimed that he was not assaulted and died while he was Doctors who conducted the postmortem at JJ Hospital, reserved their opinion on the cause of death.
NORMAL	No physical or external injuries were found on the body, the report stated.
NORMAL	While viscera samples have been preserved for further analysis, forensic experts believe Singh died due to a heart attack, said sources.
NORMAL	Around 10.30 pm on Sunday, Singh, along with his friend Ankit Mishra, were filling petrol at a pump in Wadala East when the couple -- Dashrat Devendra and Afreen -- allegedly came charging at them, as they believed that the duo had purposely flashed their head light at them, the police said.
NORMAL	As the confrontation turned violent and physical, a patrolling van reached the petrol pump and took Singh and Mishra to the police station.
NORMAL	"The police officers started beating Vijay at the spot.
NORMAL	They later took us inside a room at the police station and started assaulting us again.
NORMAL	Vijay complained of chest pain and even asked them for water, but the policemen refused.
NORMAL	Around 2 am, when he fell unconscious, he was rushed to Sion hospital where he was declared dead," Mishra had claimed.
NORMAL	Sources in the police said that Singh may have been hurt during the fight at the petrol pump.
NORMAL	"Vijay was assaulted by both the policemen and the couple.
NORMAL	I want the department to take action against the people responsible for his death.
NORMAL	After we protested the whole day today, the officers called us inside in the evening to record our statement," said Singh's younger brother Shivam.
NORMAL	Late Tuesday, the police booked Dashrat Devendra and Afreen on charges including wrongful restraint, assault and criminal intimidation.
NORMAL	Senior Inspector Rajendra Sangle of Wadala Truck Terminal police maintained that Singh was not assaulted at the police station."There
NORMAL	has been a dispute between the two groups for a long time.
NORMAL	When they were fighting near a petrol pump, our patrolling staff noticed something unusual.
NORMAL	They went to the spot and brought them to the police station.
NORMAL	Later, his (Singh's) parents were informed and they came to the police station.
NORMAL	We didn't even touch Singh.
NORMAL	At midnight, when he complained of chest pain, we took his address, made him sign a document and let him go.
NORMAL	When he reached the gate of the police station, he collapsed."
NORMAL	The police said that Singh's family members took him to Sion hospital in a taxi, where he was declared dead.
NORMAL	"We got a call from the hospital.
NORMAL	They informed us about Vijay's death, following which, we sent a team and registered a case of accidental death," added Sangle.
NORMAL	Singh's family has demanded that a second postmortem be conducted.
NORMAL	On Tuesday, his body was shifted to KEM Hospital.
NORMAL	"We have been asked to give a second opinion.
NORMAL	We are yet to conduct autopsy," said Dr Harish Pathak, head of forensics at KEM.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, the CM, who also holds Home portfolio, told mediapersons: "I have taken the incident seriously and asked the police to take action."
NORMAL	Over a hundred residents of Wadala, along with several political leaders, took to the streets on Tuesday to protest in Wadala and outside the police station.
NORMAL	For latest coverage on Haryana and Maharashtra Elections , log on to IndianExpress.com .
NORMAL	We bring you the fastest assembly election 2019 updates from each constituency in both the states.
NORMAL	SRINAGAR: Security has been heightened in Kashmir following the terror attack in Kulgam district that left five labourers from West Bengal dead, even as a complete shutdown disrupted normal life across the valley on Wednesday, officials said.
NORMAL	The terror attack came at a time when a delegation of parliamentarians from the European Union is in Kashmir to talk to locals and ask them about their experience after abrogation of Jammu and Kashmir's special status under Article 370 of the Constitution.
NORMAL	Five migrant labourers in Kulgam district of south Kashmir were shot dead by terrorists on Tuesday night.
NORMAL	Another labourer was injured and has been shifted to a hospital here.
NORMAL	Clashes also broke out at several places in Kashmir on Tuesday, leaving several persons injured.
NORMAL	Official said security personnel along with a flying squad have been deployed in several areas of the city and across the valley, especially in South Kashmir.
NORMAL	The officials said random checking of vehicles and frisking of people was being done as part of the security drill.
NORMAL	Security personnel were alert to thwart any attempts by anti-national elements to target non-locals or to derail peace in the valley.
NORMAL	Normal life remained affected across the Kashmir valley for the 87th day on Wednesday following the abrogation of Article 370.
NORMAL	The officials said markets remained closed on Wednesday, while public transport remained off the roads.
NORMAL	"Roadside vendors, who had regularly set up their stalls over the past two months, also did not turn up for the second consecutive day on Wednesday," they said.
NORMAL	The annual board examinations for class 10 and class 12 are being held as per schedule.
NORMAL	Class 10 examinations began on Tuesday, while the class 12 exams are scheduled to start from Wednesday afternoon.
NORMAL	Landline and post-paid mobile phone services have been restored across the valley, but all Internet services continued to remain suspended since 5 August.
NORMAL	Most of the top-level and second-rung separatist politicians have been taken into preventive custody while mainstream leaders including two former chief ministers - Omar Abdullah and Mehbooba Mufti - have been either detained or placed under house arrest.
NORMAL	The government has detained former chief minister and sitting Lok Sabha MP from Srinagar Farooq Abdullah under the controversial Public Safety Act.
NORMAL	Bengaluru: A video circulating across the country of a family being heckled for purportedly not standing up for the national anthem in a cinema here does not show them sitting as it was played, a police officer said on Tuesday.
NORMAL	"There hasn't been anything of the kind that when the national anthem was being played, they are not standing," Bengaluru Deputy Commissioner of Police, North, Shashi Kumar, told IANS about the footage shared by Kannada actress B.V. Aishwarya.
NORMAL	As of now, the police are yet to take any action on the incident which occurred on October 23, he said.
NORMAL	"Nobody has come forward to lodge a complaint.
NORMAL	Neither the individuals who objected nor the individuals who were heckled or the cinema hall management," the DCP said.
NORMAL	The incident occurred at PVR Orion Mall in Malleshwaram during the screening of the Tamil movie 'Asuran'.
NORMAL	However, according to Kumar, the cinema hall management told him that the woman could not stand up as she was unwell.
NORMAL	"And in the intermission, the boys who made the video have criticised and commented and objected to what the woman had done during the interval," said Kumar.
NORMAL	The police department has taken hold of a sample of the video to identify the people featuring in it, but did not zero in on anybody yet.
NORMAL	Kumar confirmed that the police did not contact the Kannada actors, as the communication in the video is not very clear, or take cognisance of the issue.
NORMAL	Kannada actors Arun Gowda, BV Aishwarya and a few others were seen chiding a family for not standing up for the national anthem.
NORMAL	The video has been shared widely on social media showing the two actors castigating the family.
NORMAL	If any party feels they are victims, they have to come to the police station and lodge a complaint, said Kumar.
NORMAL	THE NEW members of the Legislative Assembly are way wealthier than average Maharashtrians and the numbers suggest that the wealthy and well connected would be over-represented in the House this time.
NORMAL	A study conducted by NGO Association for Democratic Rights (ADR) has stated that the average assets of the 285 elected MLAs it surveyed was worth Rs 22.42 crore.
NORMAL	The average assets of 288 MLAs elected in 2014 was Rs 10.87 crore.
NORMAL	This is a jump of nearly 107 per cent.
NORMAL	For the 105 BJP MLAs surveyed, the average assets per MLA comes to Rs 27.47 crore.
NORMAL	The 55 Shiv Sena MLAs surveyed have an average asset of Rs 13.74 crore.
NORMAL	On the other hand, while 53 NCP MLAs scrutinised have average assets worth Rs 15.02 crore, for 44 Congress MLAs, the figure is Rs 24.46 crore.
NORMAL	Of the 285 MLAs whose details were analysed, only 21 have assets have less than a crore.
NORMAL	Nearly 93 per cent of all MLAs have assets of over a crore.
NORMAL	The percentage share of crorepati MLAs is the highest in the Congress -- 96 per cent of its elected representatives are crorepatis -- followed by BJP with 95 per cent, Shiv Sena 93 per cent and NCP with 89 per cent.
NORMAL	The MLAs with the lowest assets are CPI(M)'s Palghar MLA Vinod Nikole, who has assets of only Rs 51,082, followed by BJP's Malshiras MLA Ram Satpute (Rs 10 lakh) and AIMIM's Shah Faruk Anwar (Rs 29 lakh).
NORMAL	For latest coverage on Haryana and Maharashtra Elections , log on to IndianExpress.com .
NORMAL	We bring you the fastest assembly election 2019 updates from each constituency in both the states.
NORMAL	Creating cluster instance
NORMAL	Ever since the press critiqued the government's Rs 70,000 crore bailout package for BSNL-MTNL, BSNL supporters have called it ill-informed, and one-sided; it does not, for instance, take into account the tens of thousands of crores of private telecom debt that PSU banks will have to write off.
NORMAL	Indeed, if the debt owed by telcos to the government is added, the figure could runs into lakhs of crores; while companies like RCom and Aircel are already in the insolvency courts, many believe Vodafone-Idea is running out of funds to sustain operations.
NORMAL	And, after the Supreme Court judgment on AGR, you can add another Rs 1.33 lakh crore to private sector telecom debt.
NORMAL	Put that way, the argument is a sound one: why is writing off private sector debt okay, but a bailout for the public sector problematic?
NORMAL	But, before BSNL's top brass, and the politicians, start trotting this out, a reality check may not be a bad idea.
NORMAL	While no one supports private sector telcos reneging on lakhs of crores of debt--the spectrum-payment obligations to the government, of course, will be recovered as the spectrum will revert to it in the event of default--that does not justify losing money in a no-hope bailout.
NORMAL	One bad deal in the past cannot possibly justify another one.
NORMAL	It is a big risk if, after BSNL's turnover falling by over a third over the last four years, the turnaround plan projects revenues rising by two-thirds over the next four years.
NORMAL	This, in an environment where, thanks to RJio's pricing, it is not clear if the bloodletting is over.
NORMAL	Nor is it quite correct to look at BSNL's low debt as a sign of it being healthy relative to the private sector; if BSNL's debt is low, it is because it has comparatively little capex and spectrum.
NORMAL	In fact, once the Rs 60,000 crore bailout package--Rs 70,000 crore if you add MTNL--comes through, its cost needs to be added to the debt since, had BSNL not been a government company, this would have been financed by taking on fresh debt.
NORMAL	There's more.
NORMAL	The revival package allocates Rs 15,000 crore--this money is to be raised by the PSUs based on a government guarantee--for capex.
NORMAL	But, while this is to be spent on other things as well, it is unlikely that even a modest 4G network can be set up at less than double this amount.
NORMAL	So, for a full pan-India 4G rollout, the government is likely to have to pump in more money.
NORMAL	Interestingly, when MTNL's 900MHz spectrum expired in April this year, the government extended the licence till January 2021; something similar has been done for BSNL.
NORMAL	Fresh renewals would cost MTNL Rs 8,000-9,000 crore, and BSNL Rs 18,000-19,000 crore.
NORMAL	While the government justified the extension by arguing that neither PSU got to use its spectrum at the time of allocation due to policy issues, it is unlikely a similar extension would have been afforded to a private player.
NORMAL	This renewal will also be paid for by government, and so should be added to BSNL-MTNL's debt.
NORMAL	If it is not renewed, and then used for 4G services, BSNL-MTNL's 4G spectrum will be much less than that with rivals like RJio, Bharti Airtel, and Vodafone-Idea.
NORMAL	The costs don't stop here.
NORMAL	BSNL-MTNL subscribers will have to increase their monthly-spend considerably if they move to 4G; while it is not clear they can afford to do that, they will also need to buy new handsets since they cannot use their current feature phones on 4G networks.
NORMAL	RJio subsidised the 4G handsets (JioPhone) to facilitate the move to 4G; if BSNL is to do the same, it may need to incur similar costs.
NORMAL	The assumptions on revenue growth--a 66% hike over the next four years--we've said, is optimistic.
NORMAL	But, even if that happens, is that enough to make BSNL profitable?
NORMAL	According to the presentation made to the Group of Ministers, BSNL's wage costs are 60% of its turnover--this is 87% for MTNL; the actual number, though, is 77% for BSNL if you go by the more detailed annexures in the presentation.
NORMAL	Even if you accept the lower figure, the wage-to-income ratio is 63% for the combined entity; it is 78% based on the real figure for BSNL.
NORMAL	Going by the projected revenue given in the presentation, and assuming (incorrectly) that there is no hike in salary costs, this means staff costs will be 35% of revenue in FY26.
NORMAL	Take the most aggressive estimate for staffers taking VRS, and assume the wage bill gets halved as a result--the VRS planned is for 50% of the employees over 50-years of age, so a more aggressive VRS requires greater funding.
NORMAL	Even if that happens, BSNL-MTNL's wage costs will still be over 17% of turnover compared to 3-5% in the case of most of its private sector competitors.
NORMAL	Given how the expenditure in the revival plan seems horribly understated, and the revenues quite overstated, the very least the government needs to do is to make public the exact assumptions made; if the arguments made in this column are incorrect, the government needs to show how that is the case.
NORMAL	Indeed, since this is valuable public money that is being spent, both Parliament--through some standing committee--as well as the CAG should be examining the assumptions to see if they hold water.
NORMAL	Otherwise, in the grand tradition of all bailout packages, this too will be followed by another, most likely much bigger, one.
NORMAL	Mumbai: As the relationship between BJP and Shiv Sena has soured over power-sharing arrangements, the Opposition is encashing every opportunity in driving a deeper wedge between the warring allies, The Indian Express reported.
NORMAL	NCP president Sharad Pawar and state Congress president Balasaheb Thorat have already announced that their parties will sit in Opposition and won't play a role in government formation.
NORMAL	The second-rung leadership of both the parties, however, is losing no opportunity to fan tensions between the ruling allies.
NORMAL	Mumbai NCP president Nawab Malik, also the party's chief spokesperson, said on Tuesday: "If Shiv Sena decides not to extend support to the BJP and they fail to form the government, then in such an event, the NCP can think of offering support."
NORMAL	State Youth Congress president Satyajeet Tambe, also Thorat's nephew, wrote on social media, asking Sena scion Aaditya Thackeray not to miss the opportunity of becoming the CM.
NORMAL	He wrote a post on his Facebook account: "In politics, time once lost cannot be regained."
NORMAL	Tambe was recalling how he had missed out on an opportunity to head a district council when he was just 24 years old.
NORMAL	Last week, a day after the poll results were declared, Thorat had said: "The election mandate for us is to be a responsible and strong Opposition.
NORMAL	Congress, NCP and the smaller allies will do that."
NORMAL	Meanwhile, firing a barb at the saffron allies, former CM and Congress' Prithviraj Chavan said on Tuesday: "If there is already so much distrust between them (Sena and BJP), how can they form the government?
NORMAL	They must tell Maharashtra's voters what was decided between them (referring to the pre-poll understanding between the allies)."
NORMAL	He added, "If Shiv Sena comes to us with a proposal, we will put that proposal before our high command and discuss with our allies too.
NORMAL	No such proposal has come as yet."
NORMAL	3 - Our own source, who had been able to reach Al Baghdadi, brought Al Baghdadi's underwear to conduct a DNA test and make sure (100%) that the person in question was Al Baghdadi himself.
NORMAL	According to Polat, the US raid happened right on time as the IS Chief, who often changed locations, was about to move to "a new place" in Syria's Jerablus.
NORMAL	The senior adviser also wrote that the successful US raid in Idlib was largely the result of the intelligence groundwork done by the SDF even though the Turkish offensive in northern Syria, launched on 9 October, had delayed the operation.
NORMAL	"Since 15 May, we have been working together with the CIA to track al-Baghdadi and monitor him closely," he wrote.
NORMAL	""Our intelligence source was involved in sending coordinates, directing the airdrop, participating in and making the operation a success until the last minute."
NORMAL	" - Polat Can, Senior Adviser to Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) US President Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State group had "died like a dog" in a US military raid in Syria on Saturday night.
NORMAL	In his statement, he thanked Russia, Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Syrian Kurds for contributing to the operation.
NORMAL	Trump recently received global criticism after he ordered a pullback of US troops from northeastern Syria, leaving US allies against IS, the Syrian Kurds, open to a Turkish offensive.
NORMAL	Tokyo: A man looks at an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Friday, Oct. 11, 2019.
NORMAL	Asian stock markets followed Wall Street higher Friday on optimism about U.S.-Chinese talks on ending a tariff war.
NORMAL	As the global brokerage industry shifts to zero fees for trading and robots to give advice, one company in Singapore is deciding to buck the trend.
NORMAL	UOB-Kay Hian Holdings has taken on a large group of securities trading representatives, known as remisiers, from a brokerage arm of the country's largest bank.
NORMAL	It's essentially a bet customers will still pay extra to be hand-held in their trades.
NORMAL	"There is a lot of digitisation, but the human touch is still very important," Esmond Choo, senior executive director at UOB-Kay Hian, said in an interview.
NORMAL	People will be willing to pay "a few basis points" for the service, he said.
NORMAL	UOB-Kay Hian's expansion comes as firms such as Charles Schwab Corp. and Fidelity Investments have eliminated fees on a range of offerings, and as robo-advisers are increasingly used to help clients to construct portfolios at a fraction of the cost of human advisers.
NORMAL	Comedian-actor Michael Che was deemed "transphobic" after he misgendered Caitlyn Jenner in an episode of Saturday Night Live (SNL).
NORMAL	Che was under fire following his offensive joke during the "Weekend Update" segment in the latest SNL episode.
NORMAL	The comedian began his segment by saying that rapper Kanye West was transforming into an old white woman.
NORMAL	"I mean, he used to be one of the coolest black dudes on Earth now he's showing up to events in sweatpants and orthopedic sneakers, listening to Kenny G and trying to get black people to like Trump," he said.
NORMAL	"It's like, how long before this guy changes his name to Cathy."
NORMAL	Later, Che alluded that the "Gold Digger" rapper's transformation was because of his move to Calabasas.
NORMAL	Referring to Caitlyn before she was transforming, Che joked: "Now you might think that I'm crazy, but about five years ago, there was a fella named Bruce Jenner, and he moved to Calabasas."
NORMAL	People didn't find his joke funny and they didn't hesitate to lash out at the "SNL" cast member on Twitter.
NORMAL	"SNL just made a Caitlyn Jenner joke that was so bad and transphobic that you could hear someone in the audience say 'Noooooo'," a user tweeted.
NORMAL	"Caitlyn Jenner was deadnamed and misgendered as a punchline.
NORMAL	There wasn't even a joke.
NORMAL	The punchline was just dead naming her and then the bit ended.
NORMAL	It was super uncomfortable for the audience," another wrote.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, someone else expressed their disappointment to the "Weekend Update" host.
NORMAL	"Michael Che, I'm disappointed in your comparison of Kanye West, a cis man, to Caitlyn Jenner, a trans woman.
NORMAL	Your comparison implies that trans women are just men who change their names.
NORMAL	You also misgendered and deadnamed her," the person wrote.
NORMAL	Pulwama: In yet another terror incident, armed terrorists on Tuesday tried to target children by firing at a school building in Pulwama.
NORMAL	At around 3.15 pm, unknown terrorists fired 6-7 rounds on CRPF deployment at a school which was an examination centre in Pulwama's Drabgam.
NORMAL	"The attack was promptly retaliated by the troops.
NORMAL	Additional deployment reached," the CRPF said.
NORMAL	Initial information suggests there have been no injuries so far.
NORMAL	The area has been cordoned off and a search operation is underway.
NORMAL	CRPF and local police were on duty guarding the centre when the incident took place.
NORMAL	Pakistan-based terrorists have been trying to disrupt peace in the Valley by consistently targeting locals and truck drivers.
NORMAL	If all goes well for Naseem Shah, the 16-year-old could become the youngest cricketer to play a Test Down Under during Pakistan's tour of Australia which starts 3 November with a three-match T20I series.
NORMAL	Shah will have to thank Pakistan's head coach and chief selector Misbah-ul-Haq for scouting him despite the fact that he has played just five first-class matches since making his debut for Lahore last September.
NORMAL	If Shah indeed gets to make his Test debut in the series starting 21 November at the Gabba, he will be in some illustrious company.
NORMAL	Previously, the only player under the age of 18 who has played a Test in Australia this century is Shah's fellow countryman Mohammad Amir.
NORMAL	However, Amir went at a dismal average of 40.37 in that 2009/10 series.
NORMAL	Shah seemed unfazed by the same and said that he was raring to make the most of the opportunity, should a Test debut come his way during the tour Down Under.
NORMAL	"I aim to make an impression with my speed and swing if given a chance in the Tests against Australia," Shah said .
NORMAL	"The conditions in Australia help fast bowlers.
NORMAL	My aim is to make maximum use of the conditions and give a tough time to the home side.
NORMAL	Playing on hard and bouncy pitches will be a great experience and a learning curve for me."
NORMAL	Not too long ago, Shah was playing for Pakistan Under-16, also having played in the Under-19 Asia Cup.
NORMAL	His wickets tally in first-class cricket stands at an impressive 17 with an average of 18.70.
NORMAL	Spurred by a disastrous T20I series loss to Sri Lanka at home, Misbah-ul-Haq has brought in the 16-year-old Shah into the Test squad for the tour of Australia and feels that the challenge can bring out the best in the youngster.
NORMAL	"In all spells he's bowling quick and his control with the ball is also good.
NORMAL	So we're looking forward that he can just bowl well here in Australia where the conditions may just give him some sort of assistance and getting some pace and bounce from these wickets," Misban told reporters in Sydney on Monday.
NORMAL	Pakistan begin their tour on 31 October with a T20 match against a Cricket Australia XI, before a three-match T20I series against the hosts starting in Sydney on 3 November, followed by the two-Test series.
NORMAL	Google, Facebook Inc. and Twitter Inc. need to continue to boost efforts to combat disinformation on their platforms, the European Union said, as it repeated warnings it could introduce legislation.
NORMAL	The companies' actions helped limit interference in the European Parliament elections in May and provided greater transparency around political ads, the European Commission, the bloc's executive body said.
NORMAL	But large-scale automated propaganda and disinformation persist and more work needs to be done, it added.
NORMAL	"We cannot accept this as a new normal," EU Commissioners Vera Jourova, Julian King and Mariya Gabriel said in a joint statement.
NORMAL	The commission on Tuesday published the last of its regular reports monitoring companies' efforts to abide by a voluntary code of conduct to fight disinformation agreed ahead of the European parliamentary elections in May.
NORMAL	The EU said progress varied a lot between the signatories.
NORMAL	Facebook, Twitter, Alphabet Inc.'s Google and other tech and advertising companies last fall pledged to commit to policies that prevent advertising around disinformation and to prioritise authentic information, among other efforts.
NORMAL	In May, Microsoft Corp. also signed up to the code.
NORMAL	Tech companies, and Facebook in particular, have come under intense pressure in the US and Europe in recent years over whether Russians had spread disinformation across the platforms to influence the 2016 US presidential election and the UK's Brexit vote.
NORMAL	The EU said there is "an urgent need" for online platforms to establish meaningful cooperation with a wider range of independent researchers and grant them access to data.
NORMAL	The EU's warning comes as campaigning picks up in the US ahead of the presidential election next year.
NORMAL	One of the biggest challenges tech companies face is how to handle the rise of manipulated audio and video clips, or so-called deep fakes, as well as disinformation spread by actual political candidates.
NORMAL	Facebook, already under fire from some lawmakers and US presidential candidates for its policy against fact-checking speech from politicians, is now facing pressure from hundreds of employees who are concerned the social media giant is letting politicians lie in ads.
NORMAL	The commission said it would present a report on the 2019 elections to the European Parliament in the coming months and, on that basis, publish a comprehensive assessment early next year before deciding on any legislation.
NORMAL	A four-year-old girl died of suspected dengue during early hours of Tuesday.
NORMAL	According to reports, the girl, Anusa Sounder of Pullaneri village in Jolarpet block, was living with her grandparents at Achamangalam of Tirupattur block.
NORMAL	The LKG student developed high fever on Friday.
NORMAL	Initially she was treated at the Government Hospital.
NORMAL	She again developed high fever on Sunday and was rushed to the same hospital.
NORMAL	Since the fever did not subside, she was referred to Government Hospital in Vellore on Monday.
NORMAL	Despite best efforts by doctors to revive her, she died on Tuesday morning, said hospital sources.
NORMAL	The public health department officials conducted a mass cleaning programme in Pullaneri and Achamangalam villages on Tuesday, where doctors screened everyone.
NORMAL	More than 300 people attended the medical camp and so far no fever case was detected at the camp.
NORMAL	Monitoring has been intensified in these villages as well as in neighbouring villages, said a health department official.
NORMAL	The Collector called for a meeting of secretaries of village panchayats, where he issued specific instructions on the measures to be taken for preventing the spread of dengue.
NORMAL	He released a handbook for the village panchayat officials, which provided the necessary information on the outbreak of the disease and the measures to be adopted by the officials at village level.
NORMAL	The rules and regulations specified in the booklet should be adhered to, he said.
NORMAL	You have reached your limit for free articles this month.
NORMAL	Register to The Hindu for free and get unlimited access for 30 days.
NORMAL	Here are some extremely easy-to-make and drink cocktail recipes that you can try at home this Halloween and serve to your friends and family.
NORMAL	Halloween is about to knock the door.
NORMAL	For some people when it's all about Halloween candy, for others it's about their DIY costumes.
NORMAL	What about a ghoulish witch who loves her poison?
NORMAL	Everything looks so classy and chill.
NORMAL	But what about those spooky-licious cocktails that you get on Halloween parties.
NORMAL	Here are some extremely easy-to-make and drink cocktail recipes that you can try at home this Halloween and serve to your friends and family.
NORMAL	Spookstrom cocktail is wonderfully green and murky.
NORMAL	This gin and tonic looks coral in daylight and glows white under a black light.
NORMAL	The drink is sure to mess with your head even before the alcohol kicks in.
NORMAL	Like real zombies, the walking dead's namesake cocktail packs a powerful punch.
NORMAL	Its smooth, fruity taste works to conceal its extremely high alcoholic content.
NORMAL	Like the Walking Dead, this cocktail packs a powerful punch thanks to light and dark rum and Bacardi 151.
NORMAL	Amid the ongoing shutdown and clashes, around 65,000 students in Kashmir appeared for the Class X annual examination on Tuesday, according to a report by The Indian Express.
NORMAL	"Ninety-nine per cent students (in Kashmir) appeared in the exams today.
NORMAL	There is no report of any untoward incident," J&K Board of School Education (BOSE) chairperson Veena Pandita told newspaper.
NORMAL	The shutdown to protest scrapping of Jammu and Kashmir's special status entered its 85th day on Tuesday.
NORMAL	Pandita said that the board had set up 615 centres across Kashmir, and everything went smoothly even as Section 144 was imposed outside the examination centres.
NORMAL	According to the report, worried parents were seen waiting outside the centres while the examination was in progress.
NORMAL	"There is so much uncertainty in Kashmir.
NORMAL	There was stone-pelting in the old city, and we had to walk several kilometres to reach the exam venue," said Sajad Ahmad, a parent outside Srinagar's SP Model Higher Secondary.
NORMAL	On Tuesday evening, a statement from the administration stated that around 65,000 students of Kashmir Division and 24,000 students of Winter Zone Jammu Division appeared for Class X examination, for whom 615 and 296 centres, respectively, were set up.
NORMAL	The Class XII examinations for students appearing for J&K Board began on Wednesday.
NORMAL	The Madras High Court on Tuesday made strong observations asking whether the government needs a corpse to act on implementing each and every statute, hours after the decomposed body of a two-year-old boy was pulled out from an unused borewell.
NORMAL	Rescuers pulled out the decomposed and mangled body of Sujith Wilson early Tuesday from deep inside the borewell, after a futile 80-hour attempt to save the child who had fallen in while playing near his house in a village in Tamil Nadu's Tiruchirappalli district.
NORMAL	In oral observations, the court also rapped the media, saying it was not streaming anything constructive in creating public awareness on the implementation of rules and regulations on borewells and tubewells, except giving a live relay on the rescue operations that eventually ended on a tragic note.
NORMAL	It further observed that everybody has a social responsibility to bring awareness and it is more on the media in publishing the guidelines issued by the state government based on the Supreme Courts order.
NORMAL	A division bench of Justices M Sathyanararayanan and N Seshasayee was hearing a petition seeking a direction to authorities for strict implementation of guidelines issued by the Supreme Court and for enforcement of The Tamil Nadu Panchayats (Regulations of Sinking of wells and Safety Measures) Rules 2015.
NORMAL	The court impleaded the civic authorities and directed them to produce details on the action taken against violators who had failed to comply with the conditions stipulated for digging borewells and tubewells.
NORMAL	The plea was filed by V Ponraj, a scientist who had worked with former president late APJ Abdul Kalam and was the Director, Technology Interface, at the Rashtrapathi Bhavan.
NORMAL	The court said the counter-affidavit to be filed by November 21 should have details on the number of permissions granted and the list of contractors and entities who were accorded permission to dig borewells and tubewells and list of unused and abandoned borewells and tubewells as well as the penal action taken against the violators.
NORMAL	The court has impleaded principal secretaries to Municipal Administration and Water Supply department and Rural Development Panchayat Raj as parties.
NORMAL	When the plea was taken up, the bench orally observed whether the government needs a "dead body" for implementation of each and every rule.
NORMAL	The petitioner, citing the Supreme Court order in 2009 and guidelines issued by the Ministry of Women and Child Development in 2013, alleged that the Tamil Nadu government did not comply with the guidelines which led to a similar tragedy in Tiruvannamalai district in 2012.
NORMAL	Immediately after this incident, a plea was filed before the High Court and on the basis of the court direction, a special Act to prevent such incidents was enacted and the Tamil Nadu Panchayats ( Regulations of Sinking of wells and Safety Measures) Rules 2015 came into force, the petitioner said.
NORMAL	This was also not complied with by authorities this time around, he said.
NORMAL	The petitioner, referring to the death of Sujith Wilson, said the main cause of the death was failure in the implementation of both the apex court and the High Court orders and non-compliance of the guidelines.
NORMAL	The petitioner, pointing out to the rescue operations and the methods adopted, said "The methods adopted by government authorities one after another clearly shows that the government is not in a position to ascertain the ground reality and not prepared or equipped with the rescue operations.
NORMAL	This is not the first incident, there were many that had taken place in Tamil Nadu, the petitioner submitted.
NORMAL	The petitioner claimed the government did not have any solution or any technology when a disaster occurs and if rescue services were not equipped with latest technologies, the life and liberty of the people of Tamil Nadu would be at peril.
NORMAL	Sujith had fallen into the disused farm borewell while playing near his house in Nadukattupatti.
NORMAL	Initially, he was stuck at a depth of about 30 feet but subsequently slipped further down, and the body was finally pulled out from a depth of 88 feet.
NORMAL	After post-mortem, the body was handed over to his parents who buried him in a heart-wrenching funeral conducted by the local parish priest at a nearby graveyard.
NORMAL	Kolkata/Dhaka: The Indian cricket team will play its first-ever Day-Night Test match here against Bangladesh next month, BCCI President Sourav Ganguly told PTI on Tuesday, taking a path-breaking decision within a week into his nine-month tenure.
NORMAL	The Test is scheduled to be held at the Eden Gardens from November 22-26 and will be the second game of a two-match series.
NORMAL	The development ended days of speculation after Ganguly first proposed the idea to the Bangladesh Cricket Board, which faced resistance from its players and sat for multiple meetings to convince them.
NORMAL	"The BCB has confirmed and we are having a pink-ball Test.
NORMAL	It's a good development.
NORMAL	Test cricket needs this push.
NORMAL	I and my team were bent on it and thanks to Virat (Kohli) also, he agreed," Ganguly told PTI.
NORMAL	Bangladesh's South African coach Russell Domingo conceded in Dhaka that there are concerns about how the match will pan out but the team has decided to accept the change and explore new avenues.
NORMAL	The match will start at 2 pm (IST) and will comprise a Tea and Dinner break.
NORMAL	"We think it's a great opportunity.
NORMAL	I don't think India has played a pink-ball Test before.
NORMAL	It's a massive occasion at Eden Gardens against one of the best teams in the world," Domingo said.
NORMAL	"We are looking forward to that challenge.
NORMAL	There are some challenges as we will not have a lot of time to prepare but it's same for India.
NORMAL	I don't think they have had a day-night Test match.
NORMAL	So it will be same for both teams," he added "Since it's a pink ball, both teams will be close to each other.
NORMAL	Sometimes change is the best," the former Proteas coach said.
NORMAL	It was Ganguly, who was instrumental in organising the first-ever pink ball match in India although it was a Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) Super League final between Mohun Bagan and Bhowanipore under lights in June 2016.
NORMAL	Ganguly headed the CAB at the time.
NORMAL	Two players, who played that match - Wriddhiman Saha and Mohammed Shami - are expected to play the first-ever pink Test.
NORMAL	The BCCI had introduced the pink ball in Duleep Trophy that same year and it continued for three seasons before the Board scrapped it this year due to lack of broadcast coverage.
NORMAL	Mayank Agarwal, Ravichandran Ashwin, Kuldeep Yadav, Ishant Sharma have also played pink ball Duleep games among the current India players.
NORMAL	The spinners have expressed concerns about the dew factor, which they believe, puts them out of the equation.
NORMAL	"We will sort this out and there would be no dew.
NORMAL	We have day-night one-dayers after all and dew spray is used," he said.
NORMAL	There are plans to invite India's legendary Olympians like Abhinav Bindra, MC Mary Kom and P V Sindhu and felicitate them for their contribution to the country's Olympic movement during the match.
NORMAL	Ganguly, a former India captain and an advocate of the innovation to revive interest in Test cricket, wants to make it an annual affair like Australia's Pink Test in which the national team wears pink caps to raise breast cancer awareness.
NORMAL	Also, with Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina set to witness the first day's proceedings, it is expected to be a carnival at the Eden.
NORMAL	Ganguly, within a week of taking over as Board chief, has created a lasting legacy.
NORMAL	"It's just my job, that's what I'm here for...
NORMAL	Because I've played this game for so long.
NORMAL	I think it's a great move for Test cricket and hopefully it will bring crowds back to the ground," he said.
NORMAL	Internationally, there have been 11 day-night Tests so far since the first between Australia and New Zealand in 2015.
NORMAL	The most recent day-night Test took place in January this year between Australia and Sri Lanka in Brisbane.
NORMAL	India were approached to play a day-night Test during their tour of Australia last year but the country declined the offer at that time, asserting that sighting the ball becomes a problem after it gets old under floodlights.
NORMAL	CHENNAI: Trick-or-treating, carving jack-o'-lanterns, festive gatherings, donning costumes and eating treats -- Halloween is celebrated on October 31 worldwide.
NORMAL	Local American families share their traditions and celebrations in the city, from themed parties to complex costume design.
NORMAL	Shannon Zirkle Prabhakar and Rohan Prabhakar have been living in Chennai since 2011.
NORMAL	Initially, the couple couldn't find many Halloween parties in the city, and so they started hosting their own at their residence.
NORMAL	"Our earliest memory of the city was when we participated in a Halloween costume contest hosted by a local restaurant and bagged the first prize.
NORMAL	I dressed up as a deviled egg.
NORMAL	We've been hosting parties at our home for the past five years.
NORMAL	It's fun to invite people home and party hard," said Shannon, who will be celebrating Halloween this year in the US.
NORMAL	The costumes and decorations are either self-made or purchased during their visits abroad.
NORMAL	Shannon vividly remembers going trick-or treating in her childhood.
NORMAL	"It's our favourite time of the year.
NORMAL	I dressed up as a crazy cat lady two years back.
NORMAL	Our mother would make interesting costumes to our liking.
NORMAL	We'd prepare thematic food like eggs for creepy eye balls and carrots for fingers," said the communication director of American International School, Chennai.
NORMAL	Like Shannon, a few American families are keeping up the traditions.
NORMAL	Keeley Liotard and Remy are planning to host their first Halloween party this year, after moving to the city three years back.
NORMAL	"There would be a trunk-or-treat, where cars would be driven to parking lots and kids from the community can take candies from the trunk.
NORMAL	Our baby will be dressed up as Superman this year.
NORMAL	Since pumpkins are not easily available, we will carve watermelons.
NORMAL	Our house will be decked up with spider webs and black witch cats," said Keeley, who resides with her family in Neelankarai.
NORMAL	Memories of the festival with her dad and siblings remain fresh in her mind.
NORMAL	"My father dressed up to look like a scarecrow mannequin in 1996.
NORMAL	Whenever trick-or-treaters got close, he jumped up and said boo.
NORMAL	It was a silly prank.
NORMAL	Back home, all houses in the neighbourhood would have carved pumpkins with little candles in them.
NORMAL	Kids would return home happily with a bagful of candies," she said.
NORMAL	Sometimes, celebrations can be simple with minimal decor, a close circle of friends and a scary movie.
NORMAL	Calley has created an exciting Halloween experience for the past seven years with her family.
NORMAL	Every year, one family member decides the theme for their costumes.
NORMAL	The house would be decked up with witch brooms, cobwebs and creepy props.
NORMAL	"Last year we dressed up as Egyptian Gods.
NORMAL	A couple of years back, we were Greek Gods.
NORMAL	We design and stitch our costumes.
NORMAL	It's a time to bond," said Calley, who also works at American International School.
NORMAL	While the city warms up to the range of Halloween-themed costume contests, dinner spreads and parties, families from this community are making their own fun.
NORMAL	ABC World Asia, an impact investment firm set up by Temasek Trust earlier this year, has raised $384 million for its inaugural fund.
NORMAL	Apart from Singapore state investment firm Temasek and its the philanthropic arm, Temasek Trust, other investors in the fund include Pavilion Capital, Mapletree Investments, Seatown Holdings and Sembcorp Industries, ABC World Asia said in a statement.
NORMAL	The fund's investment strategy is aligned with Temasek's ABC framework for an 'active economy', a 'beautiful society' and a 'clean earth'.
NORMAL	This builds on the ideals of the United Nations' 17 Sustainable Development Goals, the statement said.
NORMAL	ABC World will explore investments primarily in China, Southeast Asia and South Asia on themes including financial and digital inclusion, better health and education, climate and water solutions, sustainable food and agriculture, and smart and liveable cities. "While the industry is still at its early stages of development, we already see a range of opportunities to participate in impact investing across Asia," said David Heng, CEO at ABC World.
NORMAL	"We believe we are well-positioned to identify and invest in good companies that seek to deliver positive impact alongside sustainable financial return."
NORMAL	Many large PE firms launched impact vehicles this year.
NORMAL	In May, Blackstone said it was setting up an impact investment platform to use its expertise across the private equity, real estate and infrastructure segments by partnering with external impact managers focused on developed markets.
NORMAL	Alternative assets giant KKR also has an impact investment platform which focuses on businesses that make a positive social or environmental impact.
NORMAL	Earlier this year, the PE firm and the KKR Global Impact fund jointly invested in environmental services provider Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd .
NORMAL	US-headquartered TPG Capital was among the first PE firms to launch an impact investment platform - The Rise Fund - in 2016.
NORMAL	One goal each by Harshpreet, Gurshahzad and Prateek guided Hockey Patiala to a 3-1 win over EME, Jalandhar, in a match of 48th SN Vohra's All India Gurmit Memorial Hockey Tournament at Sector 42 Sports Complex on Tuesday.
NORMAL	The match began with Hockey Patiala forwards making constant inroads in the opposition's half.
NORMAL	Their efforts soon paid dividends when Harshpreet scored the opening goal of the match with a successful conversion of a penalty corner in the 12th minute.
NORMAL	The Hockey Patiala forwards then stepped up the tempo and Gurshahzad scored the second goal of the match for the team with a field goal in the 36th minute.
NORMAL	Nine minutes later, Amit Kumar scored the opening goal for EME, Jalandhar, to make the score board read 1-2.
NORMAL	Prateek scored the third goal for Hockey Patiala with a successful conversion of penalty corner in the 52nd minute to record a 3-1 win.
NORMAL	In another match of the day, CRPF scored a 3-2 win through penalty shootout over SGGS Club, Sector 26.
NORMAL	In the regulation time, both the teams were tied 2-2.
NORMAL	Rabindra scored the opening goal of the match for the CRPF team in the 15th minute, before Sanjay scored the equaliser for SGGS Club in the 46th minute with a successful conversion of a penalty corner.
NORMAL	Balram scored the second goal for CRPF in the 57th minute through a field goal to make the score board read 2-1 in favour of CRPF.
NORMAL	Maninder scored the all important equaliser for SGGS Club in the 60th minute to take the match into penalty shootout.
NORMAL	In the third match of the day, Chandigarh XI scored a narrow 6-5 win over Northern Railway, Delhi.
NORMAL	Om Prakash scored the opening goal of the match for Northern Railway in the second minute of the match before Sandeep scored the equaliser for Chandigarh XI in the third minute.
NORMAL	Dharminder scored the second goal for Northern Railway in the fourth minute of the match before Taranpreet scored the equaliser for Chandigarh XI in the 14th minute of the match.
NORMAL	Om Prakash scored his second goal of the match for Northern Railway in the 18th minute of the match to make it 3-2 in favour of Northern Railway.
NORMAL	Raman scored the equaliser for Chandigarh XI in the 29th minute before Gurjinder scored the fourth goal for Chandigarh XI to put the hosts ahead by 4-3 in the 35th minute.
NORMAL	Harpanth scored the fifth goal for Chandigarh XI in the 41st minute to make the score board read 5-3 in favour of the Chandigarh team.
NORMAL	Six minutes later, Gurjinder scored his second goal for Chandigarh XI to make the team lead by 5-3.
NORMAL	Sukhmanjit netted the fourth goal for Northern Railways in the 55th minute before Mohit scored the fifth goal in the 59th minute.
NORMAL	In the end, Chandigarh XI won the match by 6-5.
NORMAL	Delhi Metro commuters note!
NORMAL	Soon, a unique interchange and connecting facility will come up between Delhi Metro Green Line and Delhi Metro Pink Line corridors.
NORMAL	As part of this new facility, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will construct additional interchange facility on the Delhi Metro Green Line between the Punjabi Bagh and Shivaji Park stations on the route.
NORMAL	Once constructed, passengers will be able to get down from the platform, take a walkway and access a concourse to reach the Punjabi Bagh West station of Delhi Metro Pink Line.
NORMAL	This will be the very first interchange facility of this sort over the Delhi Metro network where passengers changing the metro trains will get off on a viaduct, and not at a station.
NORMAL	The Delhi Metro Pink Line Majlis Park-Shiv Vihar corridor connects with all other corridors on the network, except the Delhi Metro Green Line.
NORMAL	However, after this unique interchange facility, the Delhi Metro Green Line and Delhi Metro Pink Line will also get connected.
NORMAL	The 58.5 km long Delhi Metro Pink Line is a U-shaped corridor.
NORMAL	It circles around the existing metro corridors, with interchange facilities at as many as 11 locations.
NORMAL	As the Delhi Metro Green Line till now, is the only one which doesn't have connectivity with the Delhi Metro Pink Line, hence commuters have been deprived of direct connectivity to South Delhi of areas such as Paschim Vihar, Nangloi, Punjabi Bagh and Madipur.
NORMAL	The viaduct at Delhi Metro Green Line Inderlok-Brigadier Hoshiyar Singh corridor will be modified with the help of prefabricated steel platforms which will be constructed above the Punjabi Bagh roundabout.
NORMAL	However, according to DMRC, this particular scheme has its own challenges in construction.
NORMAL	The difference in terms of the height between the Delhi Metro Pink Line and Delhi Metro Green Line is 16.7 metres, which will be covered with extra-large elevators, stairs as well as ramps.
NORMAL	Due to a flyover and an underpass nearby, it is difficult to create more space for steel platform pillars.
NORMAL	However, the preliminary work for this connectivity has started and DMRC expects it to complete it by the end of next year.
NORMAL	Additionally, the entire construction work will be carried out without disturbing the usual operations of the Delhi Metro Green Line.
NORMAL	This facility involves the construction of a pedestrian passage, which has been planned on two levels.
NORMAL	Delhi Metro passengers who will be getting down at the steel platforms, will then be able to take a commodious lift which will have a carrying capacity of 26 people.
NORMAL	This lift will then enable commuters to reach a mid-level common area, before they can proceed to the concourse of the Delhi Metro Pink Line's Punjabi Bagh West station.
NORMAL	DMRC will not charge any tickets for this interchange.
NORMAL	This will be constructed only as an embarking and disembarking facility for commuters.
NORMAL	New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Wednesday (October 30) adjourned plea by Congress leader DK Shivakumar's wife and mother challenging Enforcement Directorate (ED) summons issued against them in connection with a money-laundering case.
NORMAL	Justice Brijesh Sethi adjourned the plea after the ED told the court that it has issued fresh summons against them and the applicants claimed that they had not received the same.
NORMAL	The applicants (DK Shivakumar's wife Usha Shivakumar and mother Gowramma) said that the amended petition could only be filed after they receive the fresh summons.
NORMAL	The next date of hearing in the case is on November 4. On October 16, ED told the Delhi high court that Shivakumar's wife Usha Shivakumar and mother Gowramma need not appear before the law enforcement agency as of now and that it would issue fresh summons.
NORMAL	The law enforcement agency had summoned Gowramma and Usha to appear before it on October 15 and 17 respectively.
NORMAL	Shivakumar's family members had earlier moved the Delhi high court seeking quashing of summons issued by the Enforcement Directorate.
NORMAL	Shivkumar was released from Tihar Jail on October 23 after the Delhi high court granted him bail in a money laundering case.
NORMAL	He was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on September 3 and was sent to judicial custody till October 25.
NORMAL	The alleged money laundering case was registered against DK Shivakumar by the ED in September last year, based on a complaint filed by the Income Tax department, alleging tax evasion and hawala transactions running into crores.
NORMAL	CHENNAI: Imagine a person who has been unlucky to have gotten his/her Diwali leaves approved at the last moment.
NORMAL	The first thing that would come to their mind would be to head to their hometown by bus or train.
NORMAL	There is little use trying to book a ticket at a reservation counter, with thousands having similar experiences.
NORMAL	This is where online ticketing systems bring convenience and peace of mind to a person who is running out of time and options.
NORMAL	Launched in 2007, TicketGoose.com
NORMAL	has been among the leading players in the segment and today offer services to more than 3,000 destinations pan India.
NORMAL	CEO of the firm, Karthikeyan Easwaramoorthy, in an email interaction with CE spoke about industry growth, unexpected help from Reliance Jio, soon-to-be-launched flight ticketing service, among others.
NORMAL	How rapidly is the online bus ticketing industry growing?
NORMAL	And how much share does it have in comparison to the traditional method?
NORMAL	The online bus ticketing industry is growing healthily albeit with the measured adoption to new technology as compared to the traditional medium of offline ticket purchases.
NORMAL	With the advent of economical data and much improved internet penetration in tier-2 cities, it is only a matter of time before online booking becomes the norm.
NORMAL	Having said that, the industry average hovers around 30%-40% and is poised to grow higher in the coming years.
NORMAL	With regard to the `35,000-crore bus-ticketing industry, the online platform has attracted travellers from the southern and western states.
NORMAL	This is largely attributed to regional bus operators opting for the digital advantage with real-time transactions and seat selection offered to customers.
NORMAL	Globally, bus travel has always been well received, especially in landlocked Europe and North America where luxury and leisure travel have paved the way for a loyal passenger base.
NORMAL	What is TicketGoose's current growth rate and how many operators do you work with?
NORMAL	We have been growing at 10% per annum since inception.
NORMAL	We have aggregated over 2,500 bus operators pan India with 25,000 buses and no less than 50,000 trips per day.
NORMAL	Daily transactions are in excess of 4,000 through these direct channels.
NORMAL	Can growth in data consumption among Indians be attributed to a major part of the online ticketing sector?
NORMAL	The introduction of a new player in mobile telephony in 2016 offering data at very affordable costs has indeed helped the surge of 4G technology.
NORMAL	As we inch towards 5G in a couple of years, connectivity will improve manifold and allow for more customers.
NORMAL	This means online bus ticketing will be the norm, as is the case with movie ticketing.
NORMAL	Give us an insight into travel insurance and where it stands at the moment.
NORMAL	We were probably the first to offer travel insurance in online bus ticketing.
NORMAL	It was an idea before its time and wasn't well received.
NORMAL	Even now, the figures stand at a mere 5% for every 100 tickets booked with us.
NORMAL	We hope customers wake up to the importance of opting for travel insurance like in western countries.
NORMAL	Having entered the hotel booking segment, tell us about the positive prospects of the sector and its future.
NORMAL	We started as an online bus ticketing aggregator and went on to add hotel, taxi services and soon-to-be-launched flight tickets by the year-end.
NORMAL	Our hotel segment is at a nascent stage with very few bus passengers opting for a hotel room from our portal.
NORMAL	We have bolstered our category with partnerships and tie-ups with OYO Rooms and FabHotels.
NORMAL	It is early days for us but we hope to bring in more takers with the change in the mindset of travellers who wish to opt for a short stay and pay on an hourly basis.
NORMAL	While this suits business travellers who visit a town for a daylong meeting, it can also be useful for leisure travellers who wish to take a shower, a quick nap and club it with breakfast.
NORMAL	Ideally, a enerational shift will help the transition to record healthy sales figures in the future.
NORMAL	Is TicketGoose looking at raising funds at the moment?
NORMAL	Yes, we are intent on raising funds and looking at opportunities to take it forward.
NORMAL	How has slumped growth during the first half of the year affected the ticketing industry?
NORMAL	While we were obviously hit in the first half of this year along with others in the sector, we hope to make good with a growth of 50% in our turnover as compared to last year.
NORMAL	We hope the aggregator segment recovers in time and with the festive and winter seasons, we may see happy tidings again.
NORMAL	"TicketGoose.com is one of India's oldest travel aggregators at the forefront of online bus ticketing, taxi and hotel bookings with an eye on adding flight tickets to our portfolio by year-end.
NORMAL	In June, we crossed one crore bus ticket bookings.
NORMAL	We as travel aggregators are committed to making a big impression in the mobility business with a robust network of bus operators, tour operators, fleet owners, hospitality partners and car rental services for the customer," said Karthikeyan when asked about the firm's overall objective.
NORMAL	* The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited website (www.irctc.co.in ) is one of the largest and most visited e-commerce sites in India.
NORMAL	On July 13, 2012, 4.96 lakh e-tickets were booked, which was the highest back then.
NORMAL	Washington D.C: The 'Friends' actor Jennifer Aniston opened up about finally joining Instagram on 'The Ellen DeGeneres Show'.
NORMAL	On being asked about the fact that she broke the Guinness World Records title for the fastest time to reach 1 million followers, in 5 hours and 16 minutes the 'Mac and me' actor replied, "That's crazy, this thing, huh?" reported, 'The Hollywood reporter'.
NORMAL	Aniston joined the platform Oct. 15, posting a 'Friends' cast reunion photo alongside former co-stars Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matthew Perry, Matt LeBlanc and David Schwimmer.
NORMAL	She shared her experience of joining the social media platform after years of holding out.
NORMAL	"It was just one of those things.
NORMAL	Eventually - it's not going anywhere, right?
NORMAL	So why not join the party?
NORMAL	And it's not that scary.
NORMAL	[You can] share information, connect with your fans, right wrongs that are said about you, have fun, make fun of yourself, make fun of people," she said.
NORMAL	The actor has been one of the last remaining holdouts of her A-list friends to have avoided social media.
NORMAL	Last month, she told 'InStyle' that she "worries about the damaging effects of social media on young people figuring out their identity."
NORMAL	During her appearance on 'The Ellen Show', the host and actress also discussed DeGeneres' recent kiss on the lips with Howard Stern.
NORMAL	Inspired by that, Aniston and DeGeneres shared a kiss, a picture which DeGeneres noted would be posted their Instagram accounts.
NORMAL	After they kissed, Aniston noted that DeGeneres has extremely soft lips and the latter complimented her the same stating "so do you."
NORMAL	DeGeneres, the host of the show is married to Australian actress Portia de Rossi.
NORMAL	China on Wednesday strongly backed Hong Kong's move to exclude pro-democracy activist Joshua Wong from elections for local councilors, a decision seen as likely to fuel further public anger in the semi-autonomous Chinese city.
NORMAL	The statement from the Cabinet's Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office on Wednesday came as Hong Kong's leader Carrie Lam warned of the economic damage caused by months of anti-government protests but said the government would not address underlying social and economic concerns until the violence ended.
NORMAL	Mr. Wong, 23, has been repeatedly arrested and jailed in relation to his advocacy of greater democracy, but has not played a major role in the current protests that began in June and have grown more violent.
NORMAL	Despite, that China's Communist leaders have targeted him in accusing foreign powers of colluding with anti-China separatists to foment unrest.
NORMAL	The Cabinet office statement, citing spokesman Yang Guang, said it "agreed and supported" the decision by the Hong Kong elections office, saying Mr. Wong had been "constantly pleading with foreign powers for intervention" in the territory's affairs.
NORMAL	Mr. Wong's advocacy "challenged the bottom line of the principle of 'one country, two systems,'" the office said, referring to the governing framework under which Hong Kong was handed over from British to Chinese rule in 1997.
NORMAL	Mr. Wong is "one of the chief culprits in the plot to undermine Hong Kong's prosperity and stability and fundamentally does not meet the requirements of adhering to [Hong Kong's mini-constitution] and showing loyalty to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region that are demanded of a candidate for office," the statement said.
NORMAL	Mr. Wong had disclosed his disqualification as a candidate in the November 24 local district council elections on Tuesday.
NORMAL	He called the decision politically driven and said it would backfire.
NORMAL	"It will just trigger more and more Hong Kongers to take to the street and also vote in the election."
NORMAL	In a speech to a trade conference, Ms. Lam said it was a "distressing time for Hong Kong trade and business" and that the violence must end.
NORMAL	"Once calmness returns, we are committed to finding solutions to some of those deep-seated problems revealed by the extensive protests over these past four months," she said.
NORMAL	You have reached your limit for free articles this month.
NORMAL	Register to The Hindu for free and get unlimited access for 30 days.
NORMAL	Bhai Dooj is the celebration of love shared between siblings, especially a brother and sister.
NORMAL	Usually a family event, the ritualistic tika is adorned on the forehead of the brother as a mark of his sister's love.
NORMAL	The day is celebrated with the exchange of gifts, feeding each other sweets, indulging in lavish meals and enjoying the company of the family!
NORMAL	But, have you ever wondered how you can make the day more fun?
NORMAL	Here are a few ways to renew your bond with your sibling and have a great time along the way!
NORMAL	A long drive can fix everything.
NORMAL	Well, almost everything!
NORMAL	Gather your siblings and set off on a long drive.
NORMAL	This is a great way to reconnect, visit a new place and have fun without any restrictions.
NORMAL	Come up with a great playlist to listen on the drive and we promise you the road trip will be a memory to cherish forever!
NORMAL	Are you and your siblings great animal lovers?
NORMAL	Head to the nearest animal shelter and sign up to volunteer for the day.
NORMAL	You will have an amazing time caring and looking after your furry friends.
NORMAL	Your siblings may end up really enjoying the day and sign up for regular volunteering!
NORMAL	Apart from being a lot of fun, this is also a noble way to celebrate the festival!
NORMAL	What's more fun than the company of your beloved siblings?
NORMAL	A paintball session!
NORMAL	Paintball clubs are popping up everywhere and it seems like a good idea to visit one.
NORMAL	Revisit your childhood with paintball and have a great time.
NORMAL	Your siblings will be extra delighted for this one!
NORMAL	Any festival is all about food.
NORMAL	But that doesn't mean all you have to eat is Indian food and sweets.
NORMAL	Set up a barbecue station in the backyard and grill your favourite meats and vegetables for dinner.
NORMAL	Accompany the barbecue dinner with music, drinks and a game night.
NORMAL	Cooking together is one of the best ways to bond with your siblings!
NORMAL	EFL Cup 2019-20: Ruthless Chelsea take on inspired Manchester United     30 Oct 2019     Manchester United have endured a troubled start to the season in the Premier League.
NORMAL	However, they are unbeaten in their last three games and would look to carry the same momentum against Chelsea during the EFL Cup, at Stamford Bridge, on Wednesday.
NORMAL	Chelsea, having beaten 0-4 by United during the EPL opener at Old Trafford, would certainly eye payback.
NORMAL	Here's the match preview.
NORMAL	United may have found new life, Chelsea have been ruthless     Current form     Taking into consideration the current form of both the teams, there is a notable difference.
NORMAL	United have been highly inconsistent, as they have managed to win their last two games, while they were winless in the four games prior.
NORMAL	Chelsea, on the other hand, have been ruthless in their past seven games, winning it all on good margins.
NORMAL	Chelsea face injury concerns despite winning run     Chelsea team news     As far as the team news for The Blues is concerned, despite their brutal winning run, there are certain injury concerns, with Andreas Christensen, Antonio Rudiger, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Marco van Ginkel being ruled out.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, the likes of N'Golo Kante and Ross Barkley, too, remain doubtful.
NORMAL	Nonetheless, playing at home, followed up by their current form, is a plus.
NORMAL	United, too, plagued by injuries despite winning form     United team news     United may be on a slender winning run, but they do have massive injury concerns, in the form of Eric Bailly, Paul Pogba, Axel Tuanzebe, Timothy Fosu-Mensah, and Diogo Dalot.
NORMAL	While Nemanja Matic and Luke Shaw are on the verge of recovery, they are unlikely to feature on Wednesday.
NORMAL	Therefore, the onus would once again be upon Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Juan Mata.
NORMAL	United hold historical edge over Chelsea     Fact     Considering their head-to-head clash to date, Chelsea have not enjoyed the best of it.
NORMAL	In 184 matches to date, Chelsea have won just 54, lost 79 and drawn 51.
NORMAL	However, going by the current form, Chelsea look favorites to run away with a win here.
NORMAL	Christian Pulisic and Martial among players to watch out for     Key players     As for the players who could make an impact, Chelsea's Christian Pulisic is the man of the moment, as he became the youngest player from the club to score a hat-trick in the EPL, over the weekend, against Burnley.
NORMAL	For United, Martial would be the man, having registered take-ons of 4.9 per 90 minutes which is more than any other United player.
NORMAL	Here is the predicted starting XI     Predicted starting XI     Chelsea (4-2-3-1): Willy Caballero; Reece James, Kurt Zouma, Fikayo Tomori, Marcos Alonso; Jorginho, Billy Gilmour; Pedro, Mason Mount, Christian Pulisic; Oliver Giroud.
NORMAL	United (4-2-3-1): David de Gea; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Marcus Rojo, Brandon Williams; Scott McTominay, Fred; Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Anthony Martial; Mason Greenwood.
NORMAL	Dream XI (4-4-2): De Gea, Maguire, Wan-Bissaka, Alonso, Tomori, Lingard, McTominay, Pulisic (c), Mount, Martial (vc), Giroud.
NORMAL	When, where and how to watch?
NORMAL	Match details     Match: Chelsea vs Manchester United (EFL Cup).
NORMAL	Venue: Stamford Bridge, London.
NORMAL	Time: 1.30 AM IST (Thursday, October 31).
NORMAL	Where to watch (TV): MTV India (also available in HD).
NORMAL	Where to watch (Online): Jio TV.
NORMAL	The new Parliamentary Standing Committee on Communications & IT has a daunting task ahead, as it aims to study the contentious issue of restricting cross-border data flow, or data localisation (DL) among other policy issues, in the first year of its constitution.
NORMAL	More so, as the government may table the 'Personal Data Protection' bill in the winter session.
NORMAL	Data as oil or water is a raging debate across the world.
NORMAL	Many have have advocated for the free flow of data across borders, as it provides various benefits, increasing consumer surplus through dynamic pricing mechanisms; maintaining availability and quality of service; promoting innovation in the provisioning of digital goods and services; ensuring ease of doing business; and preventing and detecting fraud.
NORMAL	However, many countries, including India, are leaning towards DL.
NORMAL	Primary reasons being privacy; protection of national interest; utilisation as an economic resource; and so on.
NORMAL	Other reasons include ensuring access to law enforcement agencies (LEAs) and creating a level playing field for smaller Indian tech companies.
NORMAL	Though there are many proponents and opponents of DL, conclusive research on consumer impact is missing.
NORMAL	Consumer Unity & Trust Society (CUTS) is involved in a consumer impact assessment of data localisation.
NORMAL	The preliminary results indicates that claims of the opponents hold water.
NORMAL	The survey shows that various consumer facing parameters such as freedom of speech, availability of services provided by smaller foreign service providers, privacy and data protection of consumers, are to be adversely impacted.
NORMAL	DL may result in reduction in international competitiveness of service providers.
NORMAL	Moreover, DL may create a 'honeypot of data' concentrated in one geographical location, thereby enhancing the risk of data breaches and cyber-attacks.
NORMAL	Also, experts are sceptical of the State having adequate cyber-security experts and vulnerability proof digital infrastructure.
NORMAL	Capacity of LEAs in combating cybercrimes was also questioned.
NORMAL	Furthermore, there were concerns of excessive tracking and monitoring of data.
NORMAL	Preliminary findings also show that the government may make it easier for LEAs to access data, create conditions for growth and narrow competition between foreign and domestics service providers.
NORMAL	On the issue of realising the full economic benefits of DL, experts opined that this may largely be dependent on government's support in providing power, land and cooling for Data Centres (DCs).
NORMAL	The capital intensive and not labour-intensive nature of DCs also question the amount of employment, DL is expected to create.
NORMAL	Furthermore, experts also believed that large foreign companies are better placed to comply with DL, and set up their DCs within India, as opposed to smaller domestic companies, which may result in unintended negative impact on competition, and thereby consumers.
NORMAL	It seems that DL may not be the most appropriate way of achieving the regulatory objectives, since the envisaged benefits of the regulation are unlikely to outweigh the consequential costs.As the way forward, it seems necessary to analyse consumers' perceptions towards the benefits currently derived from data driven services, satisfaction levels with services and privacy risks faced, and estimate how the usage may change should these indicators be impacted on account of DL.
NORMAL	It is only then, that one would be able to answer the question if 'data could be oil or water, and whether it should flow freely across borders?', at least from a consumer perspective.
NORMAL	Such evidence-based consumer facing findings, would certainly provide useful insights on the issue, and also act as fodder for further debate, which would ensure that data nationalism in the garb of additional security does not hurt consumer interests.
NORMAL	Lastly, it is imperative for the government to explore less intrusive means to achieve the objectives of DL.
NORMAL	Exploring alternatives to Mutual Legal Assistance Treaties (MLAT), such as becoming a member of "Chart of signatures and ratifications of Treaty 185: Convention on Cybercrime", which has specific focus on cross border cybercrimes and associated mutual assistance amongst members, will certainly be useful in this regard.
NORMAL	Bengaluru: About 60 illegal Bangladeshis identified and detained by the city Crime Branch would be deported to Bangladesh soon, a senior police official said on Tuesday.
NORMAL	"The illegal Bangladeshis were brought to the city by human traffickers and have been used for menial jobs," Bengaluru's Additional Commissioner of Police S. Murugan told IANS.
NORMAL	The police asked the Foreigners Regional Registration Office to make arrangements for their deportation to Bangladesh.
NORMAL	The 60 detainees rounded up from the city's eastern suburbs comprised 29 men, 22 women and nine children, police said.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, four alleged human traffickers - Jamal, Madud, Fairoj Khan and Mohibulla - were arrested for bringing the 60 into India with the lure of jobs.
NORMAL	In today's episode of Voices from the lockdown , a podcast by Firstpost that aims to bring to the fore voices from Kashmir, Jammu and Ladakh, we speak to Sana Iltija, the daughter of former Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti, who fought a legal battle to meet her mother after she was taken into preventive custody.
NORMAL	Mehbooba has been in solitary confinement since 5 August when the Government of India struck down Jammu and Kashmir's special status at a time when the state did not have a democratically elected government and was under Centre's rule after the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party unilaterally withdrew support from Mehbooba-led coalition government.
NORMAL	Iltija responded to questions on various issues, ranging from the appointment of Girish Chandra Murmu as the first Lieutenant Governor of the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, to the allegations that regional leaders were responsible for the current predicament of Kashmir.
NORMAL	Iltija terms the Indian government's efforts to castigate Jammu and Kashmir as an underdeveloped state a 'propaganda'.
NORMAL	She states that this narrative has been used to whip up public sentiment in favour of abrogation of Article 370 and Article 35A.
NORMAL	She, however, claims that the main reason behind dismantling the special status protecting rights and demography of the state was that it was the only Muslim majority state in India.
NORMAL	A bonanza is in the offing for the stock markets as the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and the Finance Ministry are working on measures which may include dividend distribution tax (DDT) to be scrapped and a review of existing slabs and holding period of long term capital gains (LTCG), short term capital gains (STCG) and securities transaction tax (STT).
NORMAL	Officials of Department of Economic Affairs (DEA) and Revenue Department in the Finance Ministry have held meetings in this regard with the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
NORMAL	Short term capital gains are taxed at 15% of total gains for equity holdings less than a year.
NORMAL	Capital assets in this category include listed equity shares, ETF (exchange traded fund) and equity-oriented mutual funds.
NORMAL	The STT is charged on buy and sale of securities instruments, including equity.
NORMAL	The markets have been demanding reduction of the STT or doing away with it altogether.
NORMAL	However, it is a big money spinner for the government, and it also helps to track equity buying at source and was introduced in 2004 after abolishing capital gains.
NORMAL	According to analysts, the announcement related to buyback attracting 20% tax to close the loophole on ADDT had made investors jittery.
NORMAL	Also, no booster shot for LTCG, STCG and STT had left the stock markets disappointed.
NORMAL	The provision on buybacks was a new one, introduced in this year's Union Budget by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
NORMAL	The motive was to clamp down on the strategy of avoiding dividend distribution tax (DDT) through buyback of shares by listed companies.
NORMAL	The Budget had proposed an additional tax of 20 per cent in case of buyback of shares by listed companies.
NORMAL	This was one of the key reasons for the nervousness in the stock markets post Budget when they fell heavily.
NORMAL	Hundreds of companies which were planning buybacks were stuck in the middle of the new tax and since then there has been a lull for new buybacks.
NORMAL	This has also unnerved investors who used to benefit from surrendering shares to the companies.
NORMAL	As per the Budget provision, as per section 115QA of the Act, buyback of unlisted shares attracts additional tax at 20% (plus surcharge and cess) in the hands of the company distributing the income on such buyback.
NORMAL	Such income arising in the hands of shareholders is exempt under section 10(34A) of the Act.
NORMAL	However, such provision is not applicable on buyback of listed shares.
NORMAL	"It is now proposed that section 115QA of the Act will be amended to include such tax on buyback of listed shares.
NORMAL	Further, section 10(34A) of the Act is consequentially proposed to exempt income received by the shareholders on buyback of listed shares.
NORMAL	The proposed amendment will be applicable with effect from 5 July 2019", the Budget provision said.
NORMAL	London: Australian all-rounder Glenn Maxwell feels that his side has probably turned a corner in T20 cricket and as a result, the team has been able to come up with winning performances.
NORMAL	He also said that the management took a decision to pick specialists for the shortest format of the game, rather than picking the same guys who play 50-over cricket.
NORMAL	"For the last 18 months to two years, I feel like we've probably turned a corner and results have massively improved.
NORMAL	I think that's reflected in the way we have actually started looking at T20 cricket.
NORMAL	We have started looking at 'alright, let's start, instead of picking our one-day side and turning it straight into our T20 side, let's pick more specialists for this," ESPNcricinfo quoted Maxwell as saying.
NORMAL	"Now we have actually got specialist roles for T20, which is nice, and I think with that change and mindset, results have changed a little bit for us.
NORMAL	I think especially guys nutting out their roles and knowing where they fit into the side is a massive thing," he added.
NORMAL	Since 2018, Australia has maintained a win percentage of 59 in 20-overs cricket, which is higher than their overall win percentage of 52.
NORMAL	The results have coincided with the introduction of some Big Bash League (BBL) stars like Ashton Agar, Ashton Turner, D'Arcy Short.
NORMAL	Many players in the Australian setup have the experience of leading their respective BBL teams.
NORMAL	Maxwell said that the skipper Aaron Finch needs to be given the freedom to lead the team in the manner he wants.
NORMAL	"You have got to be careful I think, especially with this format.
NORMAL	You do not want to have too many voices coming at the captain, because there's so little time as well.
NORMAL	You don't want three or four guys going to him at different times with different ideas," Maxwell said.
NORMAL	"You have got to let him have his time to think, talk to the bowler and leave them to it.
NORMAL	If he comes to you at a break or at a wicket, you answer him, give him honest whatever, let him deal with it, but only if he asks you," he added.
NORMAL	In the first T20I against Sri Lanka, Maxwell scored 62 runs off just 28 balls and his partnership with David Warner ensured that Australia posts a mammoth score of 233 runs in the allotted twenty overs.
NORMAL	However, the batsman is still figuring on how to make a comeback in the Test format.
NORMAL	He recently had a stint with Lancashire in Division Two of the County Championship.
NORMAL	"I have not even sought out clarity or anything about Test stuff.
NORMAL	I am not overly too worried about it because I know I am probably not next in line, so what's the point in thinking about it right now?
NORMAL	I've got to be making big hundreds, big scores.
NORMAL	And until I even start making some of them, there's no real point in me asking.
NORMAL	If you average 30 for the season, there's no point in asking when am I going to play Test cricket for Australia," Maxwell said.
NORMAL	Bhopal: A by-election victory in Madhya Pradesh has strengthened the Kamal Nath-led Congress government that has been surviving on a thin majority with the support of allies.
NORMAL	With 114 party MLAs, Nath was in power with the support of two BSP MLAs, one MLA from the Samajwadi Party and four independents, all of whom are former Congressmen.
NORMAL	While Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders, who have been till recently, threatening to overthrow the government at the next possible opportunity, have been put on a back foot, dissent and rebellion within the Congress is also likely to remain buried for a while.
NORMAL	Senior party leaders, including Digvijaya Singh and Jyotiraditya Scindia, frequently hit out at the government over administrative issues.
NORMAL	However, the victory of Kantilal Bhuria in Jhabua has altered quite a few things, at least for now.
NORMAL	For one, it has helped the ruling camp touch the magic figure of 116 legislators in the Assembly with the Congress reaching the 115-mark along with Pradip Jaiswal, an independent MLA who is already a part of the government with a ministerial berth.
NORMAL	Soon after the result was declared, Nath challenged the BJP leadership to topple his government as it has been claiming to do ever since the Congress came to power in December.
NORMAL	On Saturday, PWD Minister Sajjan Singh Verma, a staunch Nath loyalist, openly slammed Digvijaya Singh and Scindia for trying to corner their own government in the past.
NORMAL	Verma said both the senior leaders were detached from the ground realities in the state and were expecting miracles from the government in a short span of time.
NORMAL	Scindia had recently slammed Nath's government over the 'dismal' implementation of the farm loan waiver scheme, while Singh had uploaded on Twitter pictures of stray cattle blocking the Indore-Bhopal highway to point out the lack of a proper cow conservation policy in the state.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, the PWD minister also floated the newly elected MLA's name for the state Congress president's post as he said Bhuria was a senior leader and capable of devising coordination between the government and party organisation.
NORMAL	Given Bhuria's aspiration for a Cabinet berth, Verma's statement holds significance.
NORMAL	Also, Nath, who has been struggling with too many camps, especially those led by Singh and Scindia, within the party, is likely to have no problem in accommodating Bhuria in the party organisation.
NORMAL	Bhuria has remained the party's most prominent tribal face in the last couple of decades and on several occasions, the party saw demands being raised for appointing him as the home minister.
NORMAL	Some enthusiastic party workers have even demanded that the tribal face be made the chief minister.
NORMAL	The win has also weakened the bargaining power of independents and allies.
NORMAL	Surendra Singh Thakur, the Burhanpur MLA, who has been very vocal against the Congress government for the longest time, is speaking in a different tune now.
NORMAL	Talking to reporters after the bypoll outcome, Thakur claimed that allies had backed the Congress government in its hour of need and hence, their contribution should not be forgotten.
NORMAL	Though no Congress leader has spoken anything on the matter, Public Relations Minister PC Sharma recently said, "We have 116 MLAs and our allies would continue to support the government.
NORMAL	Hence, we would continue to be in power for the full five-year term," said Sharma.
NORMAL	The Supreme Court's ruling on Adjusted Gross Revenue has plunged the telecom sector into a severe financial crisis.
NORMAL	Incumbent operators, already reeling under a debt of nearly [?]4 lakh crore, will now be asked to pay [?]1.3 lakh crore of dues to the Exchequer.
NORMAL	The apex court has relied heavily on the migration agreement offered to the telecom operators in 1999, wherein the Centre converted the upfront money committed by the mobile players to a licence fee in the form of an annual revenue share.
NORMAL	The revenue share was to be calculated on the AGR.
NORMAL	According to the operators, the Department of Telecom changed the definition of AGR in 2002-03 to include non-telecom income such as foreign exchange gains and interest earned from bank deposits.
NORMAL	The Supreme Court has held that the DoT was clear from day one on what would constitute AGR; therefore, it was unfair on the part of the operators to dispute the definition after having taken benefit of the migration package.
NORMAL	The operators have been asked to pay the entire dues accumulated over the last 15 years, with interest and penalty.
NORMAL	The biggest impact will be on Vodafone Idea, followed by Airtel, as they will have to pay between [?]35,000-40,000 crore each.
NORMAL	The ruling is questionable on two counts.
NORMAL	First, it overlooked the fact that the DoT changed the definition of AGR without holding any consultations with the industry.
NORMAL	Second, it has expanded the definition of AGR further by including items such as capital receipts from sale of shares, scrap and even insurance.
NORMAL	This could tantamount to operators paying licence fee on the same income, multiple times.
NORMAL	The court has also missed the fact that the operators are now back to paying upfront fees for the spectrum since 2010, when the Centre started to allocate airwaves through an auction.
NORMAL	The very basis on which operators agreed to pay revenue share in 1999, has therefore changed.
NORMAL	The operators have to share part of the blame, as they did not push policymakers to shift to an auction-based mechanism for allocation of spectrum much earlier.
NORMAL	Instead, they continued to enjoy cheap spectrum allocated through subscriber-based criteria even as they parked the dispute over AGR with the courts.
NORMAL	These tactics, with a short-term view, have come to haunt them now.
NORMAL	The Centre must step-in immediately to find a solution; else, the digital revolution unleashed across the country could come to a grinding halt.
NORMAL	Of the 16 operators against whom DoT had raised demand for payment of AGR dues, 11 have already shut operations.
NORMAL	Two are struggling public sector undertakings and two are debt-laden private operators.
NORMAL	The decision to set up a panel to review the financial stress in the telecom industry is a good first step.
NORMAL	But if the Centre wants to really help revive the sector, it has to find a way to reduce its financial burden.
NORMAL	Get diverse set of perspectives from our trusted experts on Portfolio, Banking, Economy, Environment and others.
NORMAL	Kolkata: BCCI President Sourav Ganguly on Tuesday said the historic decision to organise India's first-ever Day-Night Test is based on "common sense" as it is the only way to revive falling crowd interest in the traditional format.
NORMAL	India's maiden Day-Night Test against Bangladesh, the second game of a two-match series, will be held at the Eden Gardens here from November 22-26 and will be a first for the visiting side as well.
NORMAL	Ganguly said he is happy that India skipper Virat Kohli, as well as the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB), have agreed on a historic first at such short notice.
NORMAL	"It's just my job, that's what I'm here for...
NORMAL	Because I've played this game for so long.
NORMAL	It's great.
NORMAL	I think common sense is important.
NORMAL	And I think it's a great move for Test cricket and hopefully it will bring crowds back to the ground," Ganguly told PTI in an exclusive interview just after the landmark development.
NORMAL	It's been less than a week in office as BCCI chief and Ganguly had created something that will be his legacy even if his term ends in the next 10 months.
NORMAL	"Test cricket needs this push.
NORMAL	Me and secretary Jay (Shah) and our new team were pretty hell-bent on it.
NORMAL	Thanks to Virat (Kohli) also, he agreed straight away.
NORMAL	And even more to Bangladesh Cricket Board that they agreed at such short notice.
NORMAL	It's a good way forward," Ganguly said.
NORMAL	It wasn't an easy job but Ganguly managed to convince BCB mandarins after a lot of backchannel talks.
NORMAL	"Things change like this.
NORMAL	I think it's a great start for Test cricket in the subcontinent.
NORMAL	Our intentions have been good.
NORMAL	It's going to be no problem at all.
NORMAL	Everything will be fine don't worry," the former captain said in an assured tone.
NORMAL	In the Duleep Trophy games that were held in the preceding years (2016, 2017 and 2018), when Ganguly was the technical committee chairman, dew was one issue that became problematic for the spinners.
NORMAL	"We will make sure there's no dew.
NORMAL	After all day/night one-dayers are played here.
NORMAL	There's this dew treatment spray and all.
NORMAL	Nothing will happen," Ganguly said.
NORMAL	Ganguly also informed that BCCI will persist with 'SG Test' pink balls instead of Dukes or Kookaburra.
NORMAL	"Hopefully SG...Because the first match will be with SG so the second Test will also have to be with SG." Asked why Kookaburra balls can't be used, Ganguly said that two different balls (different companies) can't be used in the same series.
NORMAL	"No, it can't be because the series has to be played with same ball.
NORMAL	It can't be two different balls in the same series."
NORMAL	With no Shakib Al Hasan, banned for two years (one year suspended sentence) for breaching ICC Anti-Corruption Code, Bangladesh might find it problematic to deal with the pink ball under lights.
NORMAL	"I don't think it's going to be a problem.
NORMAL	They have such quality players they would adjust easily," Ganguly sounded confident that the match won't lose its competitive flavour without Shakib.
NORMAL	Was there a feeling of deja vu when Bangladesh agreed just like CAB hosted the Indo-Pak game in World T20 after being shifted from Dharmasala at short notice in 2016, he replied: "This was scheduled.
NORMAL	We just made it a day/night, unlike that game."
NORMAL	Now that the match will be a day-night one, Ganguly said he would now get on with the arrangement part.
NORMAL	"We have not decided anything yet because we were not confirmed whether it's going to be a day/night or day.
NORMAL	Once this is confirmed we will take it from there," he concluded.
NORMAL	The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has launched an investigation against Oyo Hotel & Homes and MakeMyTrip (MMT-Go) on charges of predatory pricing, creating a monopoly and deep discounting.
NORMAL	A CCI order says there is enough substance to warrant a probe, on evidence that the two are charging excessive commissions from hotel partners and demanding deep discounts which have led to the destruction of competitive pricing in the market.
NORMAL	The complaint in this regard came from the Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI).
NORMAL	And, CCI has directed its director-general, investigations, to do a detailed investigation in the matter and give a report within 150 days.
NORMAL	"The there exists a prima facie case for investigation for alleged violation of the provisions of Section 3(4) of the Act.
NORMAL	Further, a prima facie case for investigation under Section 4 is made out against MMT-Go, as elucidated in the earlier parts of this order.
NORMAL	The DG is, thus, directed to carry out a detailed investigation," goes the CCI order.
NORMAL	Oyo Hotels & Homes claim an earlier CCI investigation has cleared it of all allegations on market dominance and predatory pricing.
NORMAL	The company, recently in the news for its billion dollar fund raise rounds and expansion abroad, has lately been facing a tough time.
NORMAL	Over the past few months, it has faced protests from hotel and asset owners at various places in the country -- Bengaluru, Pune, Jaipur, Shimla, Manali, Ahmedabad, Bhopal, Bareilly, Vizag, Gangtok, Delhi.
NORMAL	The Ritesh Aggarwal-led entity says CCI had acknowledged that OYO and MakeMyTrip-GoIbibo (MMT-Go) operate in different segments.
NORMAL	And, that OYO as a budget hotel chain is in a vertical relationship with MMT, which is essentially a distribution platform for hotels.
NORMAL	"CCI has directed to investigate the complaint filed by FHRAI against MMT, Go-Ibibo and OYO as it pertains to alleged violation of the provisions of Section 3(4) of the Act only.
NORMAL	The concern expressed is around whether OYO's contractual relationship with MMT, as part of an arrangement, may have an adverse effect on competition.
NORMAL	OYO stands ready to extend full support to the investigation and as a law-abiding corporate citizen, has full faith in the administrative and the judicial process," the company said.
NORMAL	MakeMyTrip spoke similarly, that it would cooperate with CCI and demonstrate that the allegations are unfounded.
NORMAL	FHRAI has alleged that chain hotels and hotel aggregators such as Treebo and Fab Hotels have been denied market access.
NORMAL	"They have been allegedly removed from the platform of MMT-Go as they did not agree to pay the exorbitant commission brokerage charged by the latter.
NORMAL	Further, it has also been alleged that MMT and OYO have entered into confidential commercial agreements, wherein MMT has agreed to give preferential treatment to OYO on its platform, further leading to a denial of market access to Treebo and Fab Hotels in contravention of Section 3, as well as Section 4, of the Act," goes the CCI order.
NORMAL	FHRAI said it would be helping the CCI investigation with supporting material from across the country.
NORMAL	"E-commerce companies are managing to disrupt traditional businesses, which are suffering.
NORMAL	The online travel agents (OTAs) have managed to disrupt the market in the last two years.
NORMAL	Illegal activity is going on in the garb of deep discounts.
NORMAL	OTAs have been armtwisting local businesses, charging high commissions and offering big discounts.
NORMAL	Whether a hotel owner likes it or not, they have to take part in the business of OTAs because these have a dominant position.
NORMAL	Small players are in the stronghold of these guys," said Pradeep Shetty, joint secretary at FHRAI and vice-president of FHRAI's western region arm.
NORMAL	Despite a crackdown on firecracker bursting with police arresting over 758 people and seizing hundreds of kilograms of banned crackers in Kolkata, the overall air quality in the city and its surrounding areas hovered in "poor" and "moderate" categories on Monday, a day after Kali Puja and Diwali.
NORMAL	On the noise front too, there did not seem to be any relief despite officials of state Pollution Control Board (PCB) claiming that the sound pollution level in the city was "much lower" as compared to the previous year.
NORMAL	The Air Quality Index (AQI) reached 196 (PM 2.5), a little less than 201 (poor) at Fort William automated air monitoring station at 7 pm, a West Bengal Pollution Control Board official said.
NORMAL	The official said that the AQI was 139 at the same monitoring station at 11 pm on Sunday, the day of Kali Puja and Diwali.
NORMAL	An AQI between 0-50 is considered "good", 51-100 "satisfactory", 101-200 "moderate", 201-300 "poor", 301-400 "very poor", and 401-500 "severe".
NORMAL	Above 500 it is in "severe-plus emergency" category.
NORMAL	PM 2.5 is particulate matter of 2.5 microns and below.
NORMAL	Those are small particles floating in the air.
NORMAL	According to PCB official, the AQI was 186 at the automated air monitoring station on Rabindra Bharati University compound, B T Road at 7 pm on Monday.
NORMAL	The figure was 173 there at 11 PM on Sunday.
NORMAL	The AQI was also high in the moderate category on Monday registering 177 at Rabindra Sarobar and 175 at Victoria monitoring stations, the official said.
NORMAL	The AQI at Bidhannagar was 155 at 7 pm, higher from Sunday's 111, the official said.
NORMAL	Air Quality Index in two monitoring stations located in residential areas in south Kolkata was, however, lower a compared to others -- 124 AQI at Ballygunge and 128 at Jadavpur at 7 PM, the official said.
NORMAL	On the day after Kali Puja and Diwali last year, the index had breached the 250-mark, said the PCB official.
NORMAL	Though, some officials of the PCB claimed that sound pollution was much lower than the previous year.
NORMAL	But, the general experience of the people in the city was that there was no much significant change in noise level and air pollution "increased around midnight".
NORMAL	The state PCB said that it received 140 complaints of the bursting of high decibel firecrackers from Kolkata and its neighbouring areas on Sunday night.
NORMAL	Bursting of firecrackers above 90 decibels is banned.
NORMAL	A majority of complaints to the state PCB came from the Lake Town-Bangur area in the northern fringes of Kolkata and from Behala-Parnashree and Kasba in south Kolkata.
NORMAL	Rampant bursting of firecrackers was also reported from Thakurpukur, Sarsuna, Burrabazar, Posta, Jorasanko, Jorabagan, Shyampukur, Patuli, Parnashree, Tala, Gariahat, New Alipore, Regent Park, Kasba and Shakespeare Sarani areas.
NORMAL	There was plenty of complaints from Haridevpur and Kasba areas of the city and police had to make occassional rounds but to no impact as bursting of crackers resumed once the police team left.
NORMAL	"Last night, I felt that I am sleeping in a battlefield.
NORMAL	Despite the Supreme Court order, the administration was basically a mute spectator last night," environment activist Subhash Dutta said.
NORMAL	According to Dutta, the escalation in AQI in some stations a day after Kali Puja may be attributed to factors like the sudden change in weather and vehicular pollution and may not have connection with bursting of fireworks a day after the Kali Puja and Diwali.
NORMAL	"The state PCB needs to take multi-pronged steps to curb air pollution as AQI will rise higher in the coming days, with particulate matters hanging in air in foggy conditions," he added.
NORMAL	The state PCB, however, refused to accept the charge that not enough was done to bring down the pollution.
NORMAL	"We filed a plenty of FIRs Sunday night.
NORMAL	We also took action wherever we received a complaint," state PCB Chairman Kalyan Rudra said.
NORMAL	Asked about the high pollution level, Rudra said, "Until and unless we compile and analyse the data, it is hard to say, whether this year the situation was worst."
NORMAL	A state PCB official, meanwhile said that the "rise in AQI" could be attributed to various factors including weather conditions.
NORMAL	"The vigilance manpower is much less than actually needed.
NORMAL	Only the police can't control all the pollution.
NORMAL	So, it's hard to enforce, and that is what actually happened," another state PCB official added.
NORMAL	Echoing the PCB official's remark, a police officer of Haridevpur Police Station said that it was difficult to enforce the ban.
NORMAL	"It is impossible to stop people form bursting high-decibel crackers, if they don't give up voluntarily," said the police officer.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, Kolkata Police said that 1,190 people were arrested for bursting banned fireworks in the city and neighbouring areas on Sunday night.
NORMAL	According to police, nearly 400 people were arrested for "disorderly conduct", while 758 others were arrested for bursting banned firecrackers.
NORMAL	According to police, the highest number of arrests were made from North Division followed by South East Division.
NORMAL	"We arrested 191 people from North Division and 167 were arrested from South East Division," said a police officer.
NORMAL	Police in Bidhannagar seized 50 kg of banned firecrackers and arrested the owner of a stall.
NORMAL	At least 25 kg of banned fireworks comprising shells, chocolate bombs, Kalipatka etc were seized from New Town Police Station area, said police.
NORMAL	Firecrackers were also seized from Bangur.
NORMAL	Around 30 persons were arrested and 71 kg of banned firecrackers seized last night from other areas as well.
NORMAL	Police have booked those arrested under various section of Indian Penal Code and West Bengal Fire Service Act.
NORMAL	The Delhi High Court on Wednesday adjourned plea by Congress leader DK Shivakumar's wife and mother challenging ED summons issued against them in connection with a money-laundering case.
NORMAL	Justice Brijesh Sethi adjourned the plea after the ED told the court that it has issued fresh summons against them and the applicants claimed that the same has not been received by them.
NORMAL	The applicants (DK Shivakumar's wife Usha Shivakumar and mother Gowramma) said that the amended petition can only be filed after they receive the fresh summons.
NORMAL	The next date of hearing in the case is on November 4. On October 16, ED told the Delhi High Court that Shivakumar's wife Usha Shivakumar and mother Gowramma need not appear before the law enforcement agency as of now and it will issue the fresh summons.
NORMAL	The law enforcement agency had summoned Gowramma and Usha to appear before it on October 15 and 17 respectively.
NORMAL	Shivakumar's family members had earlier moved the Delhi High Court seeking quashing of summons issued by Enforcement Directorate.
NORMAL	Shivkumar was released from Tihar Jail on October 23 after the Delhi High Court granted him bail in a money laundering case.
NORMAL	He was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on September 3 and was sent to judicial custody till October 25.
NORMAL	The alleged money laundering case was registered against DK Shivakumar by the ED in September last year, based on a complaint filed by the Income Tax department, alleging tax evasion and hawala transactions running into crores.
NORMAL	(ANI)
NORMAL	When it comes to weight loss or maintaining weight, most considering doing cardio daily.
NORMAL	Cardio can be any in form, running, brisk walking or stair climbing.
NORMAL	We think that cardio can not only help us lose weight, but it can also speed up the metabolism and fat loss process.
NORMAL	Many people go for a run as soon as they wake up or walk for an hour to tone their hips and legs.
NORMAL	But what they don't realise is that they are not only burning fat but are also losing muscle mass.
NORMAL	Read below to find out some myths about cardio that we have been believing all our lives.
NORMAL	These myths will help you understand your body in a better way and will also allow you to experiment more with your workout regime.
NORMAL	For a healthy and fit body, one needs to know both the pros and cons of doing cardio.
NORMAL	Cardio should be a part of your workout regime, instead of being the only workout.
NORMAL	Research suggests that there's far more to the weight-loss equation than just cardio.
NORMAL	Strength training and diet play a major role, too.
NORMAL	Cardio burns both fat and muscle, whereas, weight training builds lean muscle mass, which elevates metabolism and burns more fat.
NORMAL	So if you enjoy cardio, make sure to mix it with weight training.
NORMAL	It ain't true.
NORMAL	Research suggests that half an hour a day of cardio, be it running, stair climbing, jumping rope, or cycling, works wonders.
NORMAL	It is imperative to focus on the effort you put into a shorter period, instead of doing the same thing at a moderate pace for an hour.
NORMAL	A well-planned exercise can burn more calories, tone your body and affect your body overall.
NORMAL	Cardio will help you burn calories, but strength training workout will emphasize larger muscle groups, legs, back and chest, which may be more conducive to weight loss.
NORMAL	It is usually believed that cardio should be the first thing you do after waking up in the morning on an empty stomach.
NORMAL	But the truth is that doing so can have adverse effects and cause muscle loss.
NORMAL	It is so because the body goes into an overnight fast leaving you with an empty stomach, causing your energy levels to get depleted and affecting your overall performance.
NORMAL	Hence, consuming breakfast 90 minutes before a workout, or have a small healthy snack 30 minutes before workout.
NORMAL	Riyadh: As Prime Minister Narendra Modi wrapped up his day-long visit to Riyadh late on Tuesday night, the joint press statement made an important assertion as it said while the two sides discussed regional and international issues, they "reiterated their categorical rejection of all forms of interference in the internal affairs of countries".
NORMAL	Since August 5, India has been repeatedly citing that the scrapping of Article 370 is an internal matter and has reacted sharply to comments from any country pertaining to the move.
NORMAL	It has argued that Article 370 was a temporary provision in the Constitution and India was well within its rights to change that.
NORMAL	The mention assumes significance as Pakistan has been terming the move "India's unilateral and illegal actions of August 5".
NORMAL	India has clarified that the move had no bearing on the status of the LoC and it was willing to discuss that with Pakistan based on the Simla Agreement and Lahore Declaration in a bilateral manner without any third-party mediation.
NORMAL	It is, however, important to note that Kashmir was not mentioned in PM Modi's meeting with King Salman, according to a source privy to the conversation.
NORMAL	But post the PM's speech at FII, there was a meeting and dinner engagement with the crown prince Mohammed bin Salman as well.
NORMAL	The joint statement also points out "the need for the international community to fulfill its responsibilities towards preventing any attacks on the sovereignty of States".
NORMAL	Pakistan had also got its all-weather friend China to take up the issue of Kashmir at the UNSC on August 16 in "closed consultations", days after the move on Kashmir was explained by External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar to his counterpart Wang Yi in Beijing.
NORMAL	Though out of the discussion room in New York, as India is not currently a UNSC member, it worked in the background to get 14 of the 15 countries to be on its side.
NORMAL	However, PM Modi used the FII 2019 platform to hit out at the UN as well.
NORMAL	He said the UN has been "used as an instrument by the powerful" and had failed in playing the role of a neutral, global, rules-based organisation".
NORMAL	New Delhi [India], Oct 29 (ANI): The Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm ' Kyarr ' is likely to weaken gradually into Very Severe Cyclonic Storm on October 30, and further into Severe Cyclonic Storm on October 31, as per the India Meteorological Department ( IMD ).
NORMAL	According to IMD 's cyclone advisory, cyclone Kyarr lay centred about 1020 km westnorthwest of Mumbai (Maharashtra), 980 km east-northeast of Salalah (Oman) and 460 km east-southeast of Masirah (Oman).
NORMAL	"It is very likely to move westnorthwestwards till 30th October morning, recurve westsouthwestwards thereafter and move towards the Gulf of Aden off south Oman-Yemen coasts during subsequent 3 days," it added.
NORMAL	The report stated that the well marked low-pressure area over Comorin area and adjoining equatorial Indian Ocean with an associated cyclonic circulation extending up to midtropospheric levels are likely to concentrate into a depression over Lakshadweep and Maldives and adjoining southeast Arabian Sea during the next 24 hours.
NORMAL	Mumbai: With the Shiv Sena insisting on 50-50 power-sharing formula, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Sanjay Kakade created a flutter in political circles on Tuesday by claiming that 45 of the newly-elected Sena MLAs are keen on their party joining hands with the BJP.
NORMAL	They want Devendra Fadnavis as their chief minister, he said.
NORMAL	The claim is being seen as a veiled threat to pressurise the Sena to toe the BJP's line on the government formation.
NORMAL	Interestingly, Mr Kakade's statement has come barely a few days after the reports of Sena MLAs insisting on equal power-sharing.
NORMAL	They have reportedly demanded the post of chief minister for two-and-a-half-years each.
NORMAL	"Out of 56, there are 45 Sena MLAs who have expressed their interest in government formation along with the BJP.
NORMAL	They have asked us to induct them into the government.
NORMAL	The MLAs are saying they want to be a part of the government with BJP," said Mr Kakade, who is BJP's associate MP in the Rajya Sabha.
NORMAL	He added that the Sena MLAs have been saying "do whatever, but we want to be part of the government with BJP".
NORMAL	"Nearly 45 MLAs of the Shiv Sena wish that their party should ally with the BJP to form the next government with Devendra Fadnavis as the chief minister," Mr Kakade further said.
NORMAL	The Sena leaders, he said, have conveyed their wish to the BJP leadership.
NORMAL	"These 45 MLAs will convince Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray to form an alliance government under the leadership of Mr Fadnavis," he added.
NORMAL	The BJP and the Sena, which won 105 and 56 seats, respectively in the just concluded Vidhan Sabha polls, are yet to sort out their formula for sharing of power in the government formation.
NORMAL	The Sena has demanded a written assurance from the BJP for implementing 'equal formula for sharing of power' before holding talks to form the next government in the state.
NORMAL	Digging its heels in, the party had demanded that the BJP gives the written assurance over "equal sharing of power" before any further talks are held on the formation of the next government.
NORMAL	Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had conducted a meeting with newly-elected party MLAs at his residence, Matoshree, on Saturday where the MLAs reiterated their demand that Aaditya Thackeray be made the chief minister.
NORMAL	"Uddhav Thackeray has taken a tough stand over sharing of power.
NORMAL	He has demanded a written assurance from the BJP on the same," said party MLAs.
NORMAL	In the recent polls to 288-member Assembly, the BJP won 105 seats, a loss of 17 seats compared to its 2014 tally.
NORMAL	The Sena's tally also came down to 56 seats from 63 in 2014.
NORMAL	A resurgent NCP won 54 and the Congress bagged 44 seats.
NORMAL	Security has been heightened in Kashmir following the terror attack in Kulgam district that left five labourers from West Bengal dead, even as a complete shutdown disrupted normal life across the valley on Wednesday, officials said.
NORMAL	The terror attack came at a time when a delegation of parliamentarians from the European Union is in Kashmir to talk to locals and ask them about their experience after abrogation of Jammu and Kashmir's special status under Article 370 of the Constitution.
NORMAL	Five migrant labourers in Kulgam district of south Kashmir were shot dead by terrorists on Tuesday night.
NORMAL	Another labourer was injured and has been shifted to a hospital here.
NORMAL	Clashes also broke out at several places in Kashmir on Tuesday, leaving several persons injured.
NORMAL	Official said security personnel along with a flying squad have been deployed in several areas of the city and across the valley, especially in South Kashmir.
NORMAL	The officials said random checking of vehicles and frisking of people was being done as part of the security drill.
NORMAL	Security personnel were alert to thwart any attempts by anti- national elements to target non-locals or to derail peace in the valley.
NORMAL	Normal life remained affected across the Kashmir valley for the 87th day on Wednesday following the abrogation of Article 370.
NORMAL	The officials said markets remained closed on Wednesday, while public transport remained off the roads.
NORMAL	Roadside vendors, who had regularly set up their stalls over the past two months, also did not turn up for the second consecutive day on Wednesday, they said.
NORMAL	The annual board examinations for class 10 and class 12 are being held as per schedule.
NORMAL	Class 10 examinations began on Tuesday, while the class 12 exams are scheduled to start from Wednesday afternoon.
NORMAL	Landline and post-paid mobile phone services have been restored across the valley, but all Internet services continued to remain suspended since 5 August.
NORMAL	Most of the top-level and second-rung separatist politicians have been taken into preventive custody while mainstream leaders including two former chief ministers -- Omar Abdullah and Mehbooba Mufti - have been either detained or placed under house arrest.
NORMAL	The government has detained former chief minister and sitting Lok Sabha MP from Srinagar Farooq Abdullah under the controversial Public Safety Act.
NORMAL	Accompanied by leaders from Chandrapur, he handed his letter of support to Fadnavis.
NORMAL	"It has become clear after the Maharashtra Assembly elections 2019 that the people of Maharashtra want the Mahayuti government.
NORMAL	I support Shree Devendra Fadnavis' leadership and offer my unconditional support to him and to the government that will form under his leadership," the letter read.
NORMAL	The old allies, after winning the Assembly elections together, are fighting over the formation of the government, with Shiv Sena insisting on rotational Chief Ministership, a condition not acceptable to BJP.
NORMAL	Both Shiv Sena and BJP are trying to boost their respective bargaining power.
NORMAL	With BJP claiming support from 17 independent MLAs, Shiv Sena has also managed to get 5 MLAs.
NORMAL	BENGALURU: It has been more than a decade since we started Namma Pride, and it's time to look back at our journey so far," says Ayaan Syed, a member of Coalition for Sex workers, Sexual & Sexuality Minorities' Rights (CSMR), which comprises many LGBTQ and allied groups and individuals in the city.
NORMAL	This year, the Namma Pride and Karnataka Queer Habba, scheduled to take place at various venues until November 24, will focus on paying tribute to the pioneers of the movement.
NORMAL	"We want to remember the activists who have contributed to achieve the rights that we have today.
NORMAL	We are reaching out to them and involving them in each session of the festival, in a bid to help the new generation learn from the experienced people," he adds, pointing out that though Article 377 has been decriminalised, the community is still struggling to get civil rights, which would allow them to marry, buy property and avail insurance benefits.
NORMAL	"Many people are travelling to other countries to get married.
NORMAL	The society has to be made more aware of the violations of our civil rights.
NORMAL	Keeping that in mind, at every programme, let it be walks or talks, our volunteers will distributing pamphlets conveying the details of the purpose of each event.
NORMAL	So it's a platform to create awareness among the public as well raise our voice," says Syed.
NORMAL	The festival will include sports events like badminton and cricket tournaments, queer performances, parents' meet, pride parade, diversity fair and talks on topics such as drug use, mental health, etc.
NORMAL	Says Syed, "We want the community to know that this is also a celebration, besides a protest.
NORMAL	We are also holding sessions on mental health and drugs, for which we have invited specialists from NIMHANS and other organisations."
NORMAL	New Delhi: The United Nations, on Tuesday, urged the Narendra Modi government to "fully restore the rights" of people in Kashmir, and remarked the Supreme Court of India was slow in dealing with petitions concerning freedom of movement and media curbs, The Indian Express reported.
NORMAL	"The Supreme Court of India has been slow to deal with petitions concerning habeas corpus, freedom of movement and media restrictions," PTI quoted Rupert Colville, spokesperson for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, as saying.
NORMAL	On October 16, the SC asked the Centre to produce orders concerning the shutdown and detentions in J&K.
NORMAL	The three-Judge Bench of Justices NV Ramana with R Subhash Reddy and BR Gavai was hearing a petition filed by Kashmir Times Editor Anuradha Bhasin challenging the restrictions placed on media and communications in the Valley.
NORMAL	The bench asked Solicitor General Tushar Mehta that why the orders concerning the imposition of restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir were not placed on record.
NORMAL	"We are extremely concerned that the population in Kashmir continues to be deprived of a wide range of human rights and we urge the Indian authorities to unlock the situation and fully restore the rights that are currently being denied.
NORMAL	Although some of these measures have been relaxed, their impact on human rights continues to be widely felt," Colville said.
NORMAL	The EU MPs are the first high-level foreign delegation to Kashmir since August 5.
NORMAL	So far, the J&K administration has restored mobile telephone services for post-paid connections in the Valley without SMS facility as the lockdown in Kashmir entered the 86th day on Tuesday.
NORMAL	The UN human rights body further said that lockdown was still in place in large parts of the Kashmir Valley, hampering the ability of Kashmiris to exercise their right to peaceful assembly, and restricting their rights to health, education and freedom of religion and belief.
NORMAL	"We have also received reports of armed groups operating in Kashmir threatening residents trying to carry out their normal business or attend school, as well as several allegations of violence against people who have not complied with the armed groups' demands," Colville said.
NORMAL	The UN body also said it had received reports regarding allegations of torture and ill-treatment of people held in detention.
NORMAL	"These must be independently and impartially investigated.
NORMAL	Torture is totally and unequivocally prohibited under international law," Colville said.
NORMAL	The UN statement coincides with the visit of a delegation of 23 European Union MPs in Kashmir to assess the situation in the state.
NORMAL	The EU MPs are the first high-level foreign delegation to Kashmir after the August 5 decision of the Centre to scrap the state's special status under Article 370 and bifurcate the state into the Union Territories.
NORMAL	Housed on the second floor of the Zenana Mahal (palace for the royal ladies) in one of the erstwhile royal living quarters of the City Palace, Udaipur is a painting conservation lab which is one of its kind in India.
NORMAL	The Conservation Laboratory has been primarily set up to cater to the conservation needs of the large and varied collection of the City Palace Museum.
NORMAL	Currently undertaking its first project that involves the documentation and preservation of Mewar paintings dating from the 17th century onwards, it became fully functional in January 2018 (23 paintings have been conserved since then) and works towards restoring extraordinarily large artworks on paper, most of them centuries' old and some measuring up to 4'x6'.
NORMAL	Keeping in mind that the structure is a heritage monument, the originality and layout of the space had to be retained while planning the laboratory.
NORMAL	Art Conservation Consultant S Girikumar of the Maharana of Mewar Charitable Foundation (MMCF) recalls that the space was constrictive and therefore allowed minimal alteration.
NORMAL	He adds, "Several pillars and arches dividing the whole area into rooms had to be retained.
NORMAL	The space was narrow and elongated, and the niches, cupboards and windows had to remain as is."
NORMAL	The equipment and working tables were made movable for convenience and optimum utilisation of space.
NORMAL	Keeping these restrictions in mind, each section was demarcated for a specific conservation purpose.
NORMAL	In the first space, an office was created with workstations, where all the data related to the conservation treatments is processed and stored, and the section next to it has been designed mainly for the mounting of artworks.
NORMAL	The next two spaces are working areas for the conservators, equipped with instruments required during conservation treatments.
NORMAL	The fifth section is the "wet" area of the laboratory and is logically housed where the bathroom was originally located.
NORMAL	The old plumbing was restored and this area was fitted with sinks, a washing sink, and a deioniser plant, thereby allowing all aqueous treatments to be done here.
NORMAL	The last area houses a low-pressure vacuum suction table measuring 5' x 10'.
NORMAL	Girikumar adds that the original niches and cupboards in the laboratory space have been adapted for use in the storage of conservation materials and tools.
NORMAL	"The Palace is made up of narrow spaces and several alleyways and staircases.
NORMAL	Transporting paintings to the laboratory is challenging, hence provision was made for a 16 ft hydraulic lift that helps in safely transferring the paintings from the courtyard to the laboratory with minimal vibrations," he shares.
NORMAL	The steps involved in the conservation of any artwork are specific to its material composition and condition.
NORMAL	The first step is always a thorough examination and documentation of the nature and condition of an artwork, both written and photographic.
NORMAL	A condition assessment report records the deterioration noticed in the artwork in great detail, and proposes a tentative course of treatment.
NORMAL	Conservation Consultant Saloni Ghuwalewala explains, "Treatment often starts with cleaning the object.
NORMAL	In the case of Mewar paintings, the next step is consolidation of the flaking paint layer.
NORMAL	Due to fluctuations in relative humidity and temperature, and the comparatively dry weather in Udaipur, the paint layer on these paintings has a considerable amount of cracking and flaking.
NORMAL	These areas are 'consolidated' using a suitable adhesive."
NORMAL	A recurring problem been noticed in the paintings currently under treatment are the brown paper tapes, pressure-sensitive tapes and pieces of newspaper stuck to the reverse that cause stress to the paintings.
NORMAL	These are removed either mechanically or by using different solvents depending upon the nature of the adhesive used.
NORMAL	Another kind of damage noticed in these paintings is 'delamination', in which layers of paper support get separated due to loss of strength in the adhesive between the layers.
NORMAL	These are re-adhered using appropriate adhesives.
NORMAL	Tears and losses are mended and infilled using Japanese tissues of suitable strength and thickness.
NORMAL	The fibrous nature of these tissues helps to merge with the original paper support and also give it the required structural stability.
NORMAL	It is also unique in that it allows for least expansion and contraction, thereby minimising stress and damage to the paper support.
NORMAL	The low-pressure vacuum suction table in the laboratory helps in humidifying these large paintings in preparation for flattening, the last step in a treatment, and gets them ready for mounting and framing.
NORMAL	Bhasha Shah, a full time conservator at MMCF says that the highlight of the laboratory is the low pressure vacuum suction table measuring 5' x 10', the largest available in India.
NORMAL	"It has been customised to cater to the oversized artworks in the Museum collection," she reveals and reels off the many purposes it serves, "It can be used to humidify artworks by introducing a fine mist, and can be used for controlled heating and low vacuum conditions that help in certain conservation treatments for sensitive artworks."
NORMAL	The fluctuations in temperature and relative humidity over the years have adversely affected the paint layer in many Mewar paintings.
NORMAL	This has resulted in the loss of binding medium in several areas of the paintings resulting in flaking of the paint layer and in some cases, the under drawings have even been revealed.
NORMAL	In several instances, parts of a painting can also be completely lost due to wear and tear.
NORMAL	Ghuwalewala explains that fading can occur due to a number of factors, the primary one being exposure to light which is an irreversible damage.
NORMAL	She further adds, "Reintegration/Inpainting the areas of loss depends on many factors.
NORMAL	Ethically, interfering with the original intention of the artist is not considered appropriate, and the losses can attest to the history of the artwork.
NORMAL	Keeping this in mind, areas of paint loss in these Mewar paintings have not been retouched.
NORMAL	However, in case a hole or loss in the painting has been reconstructed to impart the required strength, then one has to inpaint it using a matching neutral colour so as to make it less obvious.
NORMAL	This makes the painting look aesthetically complete, but on closer examination can be seen as being different from the original."
NORMAL	She cites the example of a drawing depicting 'Maharana Jawan Singh and Col Bentick at 1832 Ajmer durbar' as presenting unique challenges.
NORMAL	The treatment took around three-four months to complete.
NORMAL	It is a preparatory sketch done on a large sheet of handmade paper measuring 48'' x 37'' and it is made of four smaller sheets joined together," she states.
NORMAL	"This sketch had been kept folded for a long time, leading to creases and losses.
NORMAL	The paper had become yellow, suggesting build-up of acidity and resultant brittleness in the paper.
NORMAL	The extremely fragile nature of this artwork made it difficult to handle, let alone treat."
NORMAL	After making sure that the pigment did not bleed in water, an aqueous treatment was considered the best way by the conservation team to remove the acidity and reduce the yellowness.
NORMAL	To make handling easier, it was separated along its joints into four parts.
NORMAL	Each piece was individually subjected to 'float washing' and then rejoined.
NORMAL	The team says that arranging loose and detached pieces back in place was 'like solving a jigsaw puzzle' and that missing areas in the paper were infilled with tissue of similar strength, thickness and texture.
NORMAL	Another artwork, 'Maharana Jagat Singh hunting tiger at Tikhliya Magra' had a corner cut off and that piece was used to mend a loss in the centre of the top edge of the painting.
NORMAL	Using the steam pencil to detach the piece was tricky, as the water vapour could affect the pigments.
NORMAL	Nevertheless, with extreme care, the task was accomplished.
NORMAL	The piece was reattached to its original position, and the loss on the top edge was infilled.
NORMAL	The City Palace Museum has created new storage spaces for various collections.
NORMAL	The Mewar paintings, once conserved, will be mounted using archival quality mount boards and then stored in the newly-created paintings storage area.
NORMAL	The paintings will be kept in flat file drawers interleaved with archival quality tissues.
NORMAL	These materials ensure the long-term preservation of artworks.
NORMAL	The storage units have been customised and designed according to both the size of the paintings and the available space in storage areas.
NORMAL	These rooms have been equipped with a customised ventilation system to maintain an ambient temperature and relative humidity levels and ensure that there are no abrupt variations of the same.
NORMAL	Ensuring that centuries-old artworks are preserved and presented to younger generations, this conservation lab ensures that the new and old come together to preserve the best of Mewar art and culture has to offer.
NORMAL	One of the most shocked break-ups to have rocked Hollywood in 2019 was undoubtedly that of Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus.
NORMAL	The power couple who said 'I Do' in an intimate ceremony in December 2018 called it quits in just a matter of seven months.
NORMAL	To twist it up even more, the singer was snapped cozying up with Kaitlynn Carter immediately after announcing their split.
NORMAL	And while that whirlwind romance also came to an end, the 'Slide Away' singer now seems to have found love in Aussie musician Cody Simpson.
NORMAL	However, Miley and Cody's relationship seems to be getting stronger by the day as the two have reportedly even moved in together.
NORMAL	Now, according to DailyMail, Miley's ex-husband Liam Hemsworth is beginning to rebuild their USD 6.8 million mansion which the lovers once shared.
NORMAL	Not just that, Liam's home is just a stone's throw away from Cody and Miley's love nest in Malibu, California.
NORMAL	According to the report, the new renovation comes after the Australian actor, 29, obtained an excavation permit to start the rebuilding process on the home which was destroyed by the devastating Malibu fires in November of last year.
NORMAL	At the time, Miley had taken to Instagram to share picture of their home which had turned to ashes.
NORMAL	Quoting reports, DailyMail revealed that Miley and Liam obtained a permit to rebuild their home in July, but they split just weeks later before renovation could begin.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, Liam Hemswrth also seems to have moved on from Miley as she was recently snapped indulging in PDA with Dynasty star Maddison Brown.
NORMAL	Mumbai: National Award-winning actor Ayushmann Khurrana has opened up on comparisons his upcoming film "Bala" has drawn with "Ujda Chaman", and the subsequent controversy that has erupted, saying "we shot our film first, announced our film first".
NORMAL	While "Ujda Chaman" is an official remake of the Kannada film "Ondu Motteya Kathe", Ayushmann insists that once his film releases, the audience will realise the story of "Bala" is original.
NORMAL	"We shot our film first, announced our film first.
NORMAL	There's just one line which is similar, otherwise, it's a different film.
NORMAL	I've seen the South Indian film (on which 'Ujda Chaman' is based) after we completed the shoot.
NORMAL	Once you see the film you'll realise (the difference)," said Ayushmann.
NORMAL	For those who came in late, the problem arose because both the comedies have protagonists who are young men suffering from premature balding.
NORMAL	Ayushmann, however, says his film is not just about the woes of premature balding.
NORMAL	"It ("Bala") isn't about just receding hair or baldness.
NORMAL	It is about loving and discovering yourself, more than anything else," he explained.
NORMAL	Things got complicated when the makers of "Bala" confirmed the release date of their film was November 8, the same as "Ujda Chaman".
NORMAL	Subsequently, "Ujda Chaman" has been preponed to November 1, even as the makers of the film have dragged the "Bala" producers to court.
NORMAL	The makers of "Ujda Chaman" have released a poster that reads: "Takle ki pehli aur original film (the first and original film of the baldie)", indicating that the film will open before "Bala" and also that their film happened first.
NORMAL	Ayushmann retorts saying that referring to a bald man as "takla" is derogatory.
NORMAL	"The word takla is quite derogatory.
NORMAL	It's not celebrating self-love," he said.
NORMAL	Ayushmann says playing a man who suffers from alopecia, and how the disease affects his confidence, made him more empathetic towards people.
NORMAL	"I've ventured into farfetched territories like sperm donation (in "Vicky Donor") and erectile dysfunction ("Shubh Mangal Saavdhan").
NORMAL	This was the most common one.
NORMAL	It's just the empathy I thought about.
NORMAL	I've met both kinds of people -- those who are bothered by it and those who don't care about it," said the actor.
NORMAL	"The idea is to highlight the fact that you shouldn't be bothered about it," he says, adding: "That, in a nutshell, is the message of our film."
NORMAL	"Bala" is directed by Amar Kaushik, who earlier made "Stree", and the film features Yami Gautam, Bhumi Pednekar and Saurabh Shukla among others.
NORMAL	With "Bala" releasing a week after "Ujda Chaman", is he worried that business could be affected?
NORMAL	"It happened with the Bhagat Singh films, also.
NORMAL	The film which is good will do well.
NORMAL	I'm really confident about our film.
NORMAL	It's a beautiful film and one of the best scripts I've ever read.
NORMAL	Anybody can come up with the same idea," said Ayushmann.
NORMAL	These new models offer playback capabilities, featuring Wi-Fi connectivity to play tunes through Spotify Connect, Amazon Music and more.
NORMAL	Yamaha Music India introduced two new next-generation soundbars, with built-in Alexa voice control in India - YAS 109 and YAS 209.
NORMAL	The new offering combines high-quality audio with the built-in convenience of voice control making it easier for you to connect, control and enjoy music, movies and more.
NORMAL	These new models offer music playback capabilities, featuring Wi-Fi connectivity to play tunes through Spotify Connect, Amazon Music and Alexa-supported music services.
NORMAL	The YAS-109 and YAS-209 continue the tradition of the soundbars from Yamaha, providing an immersive experience and modern setup for the smart home era.
NORMAL	Aesthetically, both models boast a ultra-slim design for movie and music enthusiasts to discreetly place in front of their TV or mount on the wall without the need for an additional bracket.
NORMAL	The YAS-109 features built-in subwoofers that deliver rich and deep bass in a compact size while the YAS-209 includes a separate wireless subwoofer, providing flexible placement options and even more expressive bass.
NORMAL	The built-in Alexa feature provides volume lowering capabilities, which automatically decreases the volume of movies or music to help receive a voice command.
NORMAL	The remote contains a dedicated button to initiate Alexa control.
NORMAL	Additionally, Alexa can be muted, when desired, or turned off completely when the soundbar is powered down, based on user preferences.
NORMAL	These sound bars incorporate Dolby Digital and DTS Digital Surround decoding, as well as DTS Virtual:X for immersive, virtual 3D surround sound.
NORMAL	The post-processing technology creates a life-like, 3D sound field that envelops you in sound - from around and above you, all without the need for separate speakers.
NORMAL	Both soundbars feature Yamaha Clear Voice technology, which improves the audibility and clarity of dialogue in movies and TV shows while maintaining overall sonic quality.
NORMAL	The feature especially shines during action scenes and live sports programs when background sounds might otherwise overwhelm dialogue and narration.
NORMAL	Together, the new soundbars pack all the latest high-performance connectivity options, including HDMI input and output with ARC.
NORMAL	4K high dynamic range (HDR) video is supported for use with HDMI-connected 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Disc players or 4K streaming media players.
NORMAL	Both soundbars support CEC, enabling audio control with compatible TV remotes.
NORMAL	An optical input is provided for use with other devices without HDMI connections.
NORMAL	The new soundbars are just as great for music as they are for TV.
NORMAL	Besides Spotify Connect and Alexa enabled music services, Bluetooth functionality lets those passionate about music play tunes from any Bluetooth-connected mobile device.
NORMAL	A free app to control the soundbar, available for both Apple and Android mobile devices, gives users yet another way to control inputs and volume.
NORMAL	The same app allows for playback of music stored on a smartphone via Wi-Fi.
NORMAL	The YAS 109 is priced at Rs 23,990 while the YAS 209 costs Rs 35,490.
NORMAL	Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports (independent-in-charge) Kiren Rijiju on Tuesday said the CBSE was preparing a system to ensure sports becomes a substantial part of education to determine the achievement of a student.
NORMAL	"Prime Minister ( Narendra Modi ) has already announced setting up a Board for Sports Education.
NORMAL	Now, under the new education policy, sports will become a part of education and the CBSE is preparing a system to ensure sports becomes a substantial part of education," Rijiju said.
NORMAL	He said this after inaugurating the Dr N P V Ramaswamy Udayar Hockey Centre at Sri Ramachandra Medical College and University here.
NORMAL	Rijiju said the move to induct sports in the new education system was because it has been treated as an extra-curricular activity.
NORMAL	"Earlier, sports was treated as extra-curricular activities.
NORMAL	Sports was not part of education system and it was treated as an extra," he said.
NORMAL	Under the new initiative, the Minister said the Central Board of Secondary Education was preparing a system and sports would not be treated as an extra or just an option.
NORMAL	"Sports is the central part of education system now.
NORMAL	There is a major shift we are taking forward.
NORMAL	Prime Minister is very clear in that,"he said.
NORMAL	Later talking to reporters, he said his Ministry was in touch with Human Resources Development Ministry in this regard.
NORMAL	"I have already attended the cabinet meeting and I have already spoken there.
NORMAL	Now, it is under preparation (to include sports in educations system).
NORMAL	Policy has been accepted.
NORMAL	How to implement, when to start, this will depend on the preparation.
NORMAL	Modi government is treating sports as greatest priority ever and that is how India will become a sporting powerhouse in future," he said.
NORMAL	On the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, he said it was just 10 months away and one cannot create a champion overnight.
NORMAL	"It takes years for a player to become a champion.
NORMAL	So, we will go to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics with full preparation but with existing talents.
NORMAL	We have decided to give the best possible support system, including creating an India House pavilion in Tokyo," he said.
NORMAL	The India House, he said, would offer complete support to Indian athletes like food, transport and provision of accommodation.
NORMAL	"Everything will be managed by India House and we must ensure full preparatory support to our team," he said.
NORMAL	He said the next big target for India was that it should be in the top 10 medal list in the world since in Rio de Janeiro olympics, India managed to secure only two medals.
NORMAL	He said the Olympics in Paris would be held in 2024 and in 2028 in Los Angeles.
NORMAL	"I met all heads of sports federations and the target in 2024 we have to cross double-digit medal tally and by 2028 Olympics, India must be in the top 10 medal list of the world.
NORMAL	There is no second thought.
NORMAL	We must be clear in our objective.
NORMAL	Otherwise, how will India become a sporting powerhouse," he asked.
NORMAL	To a query, he said Tamil Nadu has a great sports culture and the state has huge potential to produce more talents in future.
NORMAL	"I want to promote traditional sports.
NORMAL	There are many traditional sports in Tamil Nadu.
NORMAL	Not only Olympics sports, we want to promote traditional sports which are played in villages," he said.
NORMAL	He said to nurture the sporting talents at the young age the Ministry under the 'Khelo India' initiative would scout for talents at a very young age across India on a massive scale.
NORMAL	"A total of 14,000 young boys and girls has been identified and put into various training centres under Khelo India schemes and through Sports Authority of India.
NORMAL	We want to enlarge that," he said.
NORMAL	Mumbai: Equity benchmark Sensex shot up nearly 582 points on Tuesday on broad-based buying by participants buoyed by encouraging quarterly earnings and US-China trade deal optimism.
NORMAL	On the Sensex chart, Tata Motors emerged as a standout performer surging about 17 percent after the company reported narrowing of losses in the September quarter.
NORMAL	Other major gainers were Tata Steel, Yes bank, Axis Bank, Maruti Suzuki, Tech Mahindra and TCS -- rising as much as 7.09 percent.
NORMAL	The 30-share Sensex soared over 666 points before settling 581.64 points, or 1.48 percent, higher at 39,831.84.
NORMAL	It hit an intra-day high of 39,917.01 and a low of 39,254.12.
NORMAL	The broader NSE Nifty rallied 159.70 points or 1.37 percent to close at 11,786.85.
NORMAL	Shares of Reliance Industries (RIL) also ended 2.30 percent higher after the company on Friday said it will set up a new subsidiary to bring all its digital initiatives and apps under a single entity, and infuse Rs 1.08 lakh crore equity into this new unit.
NORMAL	On the other hand, Bharti Airtel, Kotak Bank, PowerGrid and SBI fell up to 3.41 percent.
NORMAL	Besides strong earnings from bluechip companies, market is abuzz on optimism over US-China trade deal and the European Union extending Brexit deadline to 31 January 2020, traders said.
NORMAL	Elsewhere in Asia, Shanghai, Hong Kong and Seoul ended on a negative note, while Tokyo closed in the green.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, the Indian rupee appreciated marginally to 70.86 against the US dollar intra-day.
NORMAL	Brent crude futures, the global oil benchmark, fell 0.97 percent to $60.97 per barrel.
NORMAL	IN HYDERABAD In a move that will boost the global campaign against tuberculosis (TB), the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease, known as The Union, announced on Tuesday that scientists are close to developing a 'game-changing' vaccine which will protect adults from the deadly infectious disease.
NORMAL	The existing Bacille-Calmette-Guerin (BCG) vaccine - licensed for humans in 1921 - is only proven to be effective for children under five for limited forms of tuberculosis, scientists said at an international conference in Hyderabad.
NORMAL	It does not protect against pulmonary TB, the most common form of the disease amongst adults and teens.
NORMAL	The results of phase IIb trial of the vaccine conducted by pharmaceutical company GSK in partnership with the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI), has protected about half the people who got it, the experts said.
NORMAL	The vaccine, made by GSK and now known as M72/AS01E, was tested in about 3,300 adults in three African countries.
NORMAL	These results demonstrate an overall vaccine efficacy of 50 per cent during the three years after vaccination.
NORMAL	TB is the leading cause of death through infectious disease worldwide and represents a significant public health threat with 1.5 million attributed deaths in 2018.
NORMAL	It is estimated that one-quarter of the global population has latent TB infection, of whom approximately 10 per cent will develop active pulmonary TB disease.
NORMAL	Currently, multi-drug resistant (MDR) strains of TB are emerging and spreading globally, and the only available TB vaccine, BCG, does not provide proven and consistent protection in adults in TB- endemic countries.
NORMAL	Without a more effective vaccine, it will not be possible to achieve the World Health Organization's target of decreasing the number of new cases by 90 per cent and the number of TB deaths by 95 per cent between 2015 and 2035, experts present in the conference said.
NORMAL	It was also announced that worldwide, there are 15 possible vaccines at various stages of development.
NORMAL	However, the GSK vaccine's phase IIb clinical trial was quite promising.
NORMAL	"The objective of the study was to assess whether M72/AS01E could prevent a significant number of TB cases in HIV-negative adults with latent TB infection whether the vaccine had an acceptable safety and tolerability profile," said, Olivier Van Der Meeren, Director, Clinical Research and Development, GSK Vaccines.
NORMAL	Dr Thomas Breuer, Chief Medical Officer of GSK Vaccines, said: "These results demonstrate that for the first time in almost a century, the global community potentially has a new tool to help provide protection against TB.
NORMAL	I want to thank our scientists for their dedicated effort and scientific innovation in developing this impactful vaccine candidate."
NORMAL	The trial was conducted in TB-endemic countries -- Kenya, South Africa and Zambia -- and involved 3,573 HIV-negative adults between the ages of 18 and 50 years.
NORMAL	Among participants who received the vaccine, an increased M72-specific immune response was sustained through three years.
NORMAL	Researchers who were not involved in the vaccine's development were enthusiastic about the latest results, but said it needed to be studied in more people and in different populations.
NORMAL	The researchers involved in developing the vaccine said that they will do a larger study which may include drug resistant cases.
NORMAL	India has 26,966 MDR-TB patients, the highest in the world, and 2,130 Extensively drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB patients).
NORMAL	Of the total MDRTB patients worldwide, 6.2 per cent are likely to become XDR-TB patients.
NORMAL	KOCHI: The usual delay in getting the service of an online taxi in the city will soon be a thing of the past as a new online cab service has been launched in the city.
NORMAL	Xencabs, a Bengaluru-based company, joined the race as the fourth cab aggregator in the city to pose a tough competition to UBER, Ola and the recently launched PIU.
NORMAL	Mayor Soumini Jain launched the new cab service on Wednesday.
NORMAL	Xencabs, which has been operating online taxi services in Bengaluru for the last five years had completed a pilot run in Thrissur.
NORMAL	Though the company has launched the service in Kochi with 100 cabs, they are planning to expand the fleet by 1,000 vehicles in the next two to three months.
NORMAL	According to officials, the customer can enjoy the service without any kind of surge charges.
NORMAL	"Right from the time we began our operations, we were clear that we would not deduct commission charges from drivers on each trip which has helped in building a great acceptance for us among the drivers.
NORMAL	We have fixed rates for each location and therefore there is consistency in the fares.
NORMAL	The service does not have a 'surge pricing' option and the fares are transparent leading to customer satisfaction," said Hari Chembukave and Vanaja Chembukave, managing directors, Xencabs.
NORMAL	A booked trip can be tracked from start to finish.
NORMAL	Trips can be booked in advance for Ernakulam North, Ernakulam South and Aluva railway stations separately as well as to the airport.
NORMAL	The service has a 24X7 customer support centre to help customers with their queries.
NORMAL	He also said the company has a special package for corporate customers and in future, the company is planning to introduce a franchise model taxi service as well.
NORMAL	The rupee depreciated by 11 paise to 70.95 against the US dollar in morning trade on Wednesday, as investors were cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate decision.
NORMAL	Besides, a strengthening greenback against other overseas currencies also kept investors on the edge, forex dealers said.
NORMAL	However, a positive opening in the domestic equity market and easing crude oil prices supported the rupee and restricted the fall, they added.
NORMAL	At the interbank foreign exchange, the rupee opened weak at 70.92, then fell further to 70.95 against the American currency, down 11 paise over its previous closing price.
NORMAL	On Tuesday, the rupee had settled at 70.84 against the US dollar.
NORMAL	The US Federal Reserve is expected to announce its policy rate decision on Wednesday.
NORMAL	According to experts, the Fed is likely to approve its third interest rate cut in a row this year.
NORMAL	The dollar index, which gauges the greenback's strength against a basket of six currencies, fell 0.02 per cent to 97.70.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, the BSE Sensex pared some gains to trade 128.48 points or 0.32 per cent, higher at 39,960.32, and the broader NSE Nifty advanced 35.85 points, or 0.30 per cent, to 11,822.70.
NORMAL	Foreign institutional investors remained net buyers in the capital markets, putting in Rs 876.64 crore on Tuesday, exchange data showed.
NORMAL	Brent crude futures, the global oil benchmark, was trading 0.32 per cent lower at USD 61.39 per barrel.
NORMAL	The 10-year government bond yield was at 6.51 per cent in morning trade.
NORMAL	Equity benchmark BSE Sensex rallied over 600 points in afternoon trade on Tuesday led by gains in index heavyweights Reliance Industries, TCS, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors tracking strong quarterly earnings.
NORMAL	After hitting a high of 39,894.18, the 30-share index was trading 639.33 points, or 1.63 per cent, higher at 39,889.53 in mid-session, and the broader NSE Nifty advanced 175.85 points, or 1.51 per cent, to 11,803.65.
NORMAL	Tata Motors was the top gainer in the Sensex pack, rallying over 13 per cent, after the company posted strong quarterly results.
NORMAL	The homegrown auto major on Friday reported a consolidated net loss of Rs 187.7 crore for the quarter ended September 30, against a loss of Rs 1,009.49
NORMAL	crore in the same period of 2018-19.
NORMAL	Shares of Reliance Industries (RIL) too rose nearly 3 per cent after the company on Friday said it will set up a new subsidiary to bring all its digital initiatives and apps under a single entity, and infuse Rs 1.08 lakh crore equity into this new unit.
NORMAL	RIL's restructuring of telecom/digital business raises focus on asset monetisation and debt reduction, Morgan Stanley said.
NORMAL	Yes Bank, Tata Steel, Vedanta, Tech Mahindra, M&M, TCS, ICICI Bank and IndusInd Bank too rose up to 8 per cent.
NORMAL	On the other hand, Bharti Airtel, Kotak Bank and PowerGrid fell up to 5 per cent.
NORMAL	Elsewhere in Asia, bourses in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Seoul and Tokyo were trading on a mixed note.
NORMAL	The rupee, meanwhile, appreciated 6 paise against the US dollar to trade at 70.83 in early session.
NORMAL	Brent futures, the global oil benchmark, slipped 1.28 per cent to USD 60.81 per barrel.
NORMAL	New Delhi [India], Oct 30 (ANI): The air quality in New Delhi continues to deteriorate and slip into the 'severe' category in several places across the city.
NORMAL	A layer of haze lingered over the national capital earlier this morning.
NORMAL	The overall Air Quality Index (AQI) of Delhi docked at 392 in 'very poor' category, according to the Center-run System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research (SAFAR).
NORMAL	The overall air quality of Delhi has improved as level of 24 hour averaged value of lead pollutant (PM2.5)
NORMAL	recorded below 250 ug/m3 in the wee hours of Wednesday, that is defined as 'very poor', as forecasted by SAFAR.
NORMAL	The levels of PM 2.5 reached 393 and 598, respectively in the Delhi University area and Chandani Chowk in 'very poor' and 'severe' category.
NORMAL	Major pollutants PM 2.5 reached at 500 in the 'severe' category and PM 10 at 379, 'very poor' category, in Lodhi Road area, according to the AQI data.
NORMAL	Polluting levels in several parts of Delhi including Anand Vihar (463), ITO (410) and Ashok Vihar (454) slipped into the 'severe' category.
NORMAL	An AQI between 0 and 50 is considered 'good', 51 and 100 'satisfactory', 101 and 200 'moderate', 201 and 300 'poor', 301 and 400 'very poor', and 401 and 500 'severe'.
NORMAL	According to the agency, the overall pollution level during Diwali period of the current year was found to be better than the past three years.
NORMAL	Boundary layer wind speed helped to flush out the additional load of last night.
NORMAL	The levels of PM 2.5 reached as high as 519 in 'severe category' in Noida , Uttar Pradesh.
NORMAL	Organisers of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics on Tuesday unveiled a custom-built $188 million gymnastics venue inspired by Japanese architecture that uses wood brought from around the country.
NORMAL	The futuristic-looking Ariake Gymnastics Centre in central Tokyo uses 2,300 cubic metres of wood and is intended to hark back to traditional building techniques that predated the use of modern materials.
NORMAL	The structure features a gently undulating roof, with external walls constructed from lengths of cedar wood.
NORMAL	Supporting rods allow the building to look from a distance as though it is suspended in the air.
NORMAL	Organisers said it was intended to look like a "a wooden bowl, floating in the bay area".
NORMAL	The building, one of a handful custom-built for the Games, "symbolises Japan's wood culture and viewers can feel its simple beauty", the organisers said.
NORMAL	"We're using a lot of wood," venue general manager Koichi Fukui told reporters.
NORMAL	"We can smell wood and feel the warmth of wood," he said.
NORMAL	Built at a cost of 20.5 billion yen, the venue features a domed ceiling constructed from Japanese larch with no steel framework and is among the largest of its kind in the world.
NORMAL	The venue can seat 12,000 spectators on long benches placed around the space.
NORMAL	The main Olympic stadium designed by renowned Japanese architect Kengo Kuma also heavily features the use of wood in a nod to traditional techniques.
NORMAL	The gymnastics venue is a temporary site, which is expected to be converted into an exhibition centre after the Games.
NORMAL	Organisers say they plan to repurpose some of the wood from the site, including the benches, in the exhibition centre and other sites including schools.
NORMAL	A Mumbai police constable Vithal Dahibavkar, 52, attached to the Local Arms-3 force has been accused of extorting Rs 3 lakh from a drug consumer in Goregaon East on October 21.
NORMAL	He was arrested by the Dindoshi police on Tuesday.
NORMAL	According to sources, the drug consumer is a 21-year-old resident of Maitri Park, Goregaon East.
NORMAL	On October 21, he purchased cocaine worth Rs 7,000 meant to be consumed at a birthday party that night from a Nigerian drug peddler near Maitri Park.
NORMAL	After the peddler left, the purchaser was approached by Dahibavkar who claimed to be a crime branch officer and threatened to take him to Dindoshi police station and arrest him.
NORMAL	The complainant suggested they settle the matter and Dahibavkar demanded a R25-lakh bribe.
NORMAL	The duo eventually settled on a Rs 3 lakh bribe.
NORMAL	The drug purchaser arranged for the money and was let go.
NORMAL	But a couple of days later he realised that he has been cheated and approached the police.
NORMAL	The exchange of money was caught on a CCTV camera, which eventually led to Dahibavkar being traced and apprehended by the Crime Branch Unit XII on Tuesday morning.
NORMAL	Dahibavkar belongs to the 1989 batch and was attached to the LA-3 in Worli.
NORMAL	He resides in Santacruz East with his family.
NORMAL	He admitted that he had been taking bribes in this manner for two years.
NORMAL	His modus operandi involved trailing Nigerian drug peddlers in auto rickshaws and 'apprehending' customers after the peddler had left.
NORMAL	He has extorted from people in Vakola, Dindoshi and other parts of the city.
NORMAL	"We have booked and arrested the accused under various sections of the Indian Penal Code.
NORMAL	He will be produced in court on Wednesday," said Senior Police Inspector Parkash Bele of Dindoshi police.
NORMAL	"We are investigating if others are involved too."
NORMAL	Police personnel deputed at the state's largest government hospital, RIMS in Bariatu, have been asked to maintain a record of prisoners coming to the hospital for treatment from jails in the wake of Birsa jail undertrial Ashish Ghosh's sensational escape earlier this month.
NORMAL	The records should clearly state the jail from where the prisoner has arrived, the names of personnel deputed for his or her security, the prisoner's name and the sections of the IPC or any other Act that they have been charged under, the hospital ward s/he is in and the status of the illness, Ranchi SSP Anish Gupta has ordered.
NORMAL	Ghosh, accused of murdering a 50-year-old woman and her 10-year-old foster son in Bariatu in August last year, escaped from RIMS on October 18.
NORMAL	On Tuesday, Ghosh made sensational claims to The Telegraph photographer about his innocence and how he bribed cops to escape.
NORMAL	Gupta, who gave the hospital a surprise visit on Monday evening, said on Tuesday that apart from keeping comprehensive records, an inspector-ranked officer would be deputed at RIMS for the security.
NORMAL	"During my inspection, I found that one sentry remains present at the entrance of prisoners' ward but the back of the ward is unattended.
NORMAL	So, a sentry equipped with communication device will be deputed here too," SSP Gupta said.
NORMAL	The SSP had after RIMS visited the state-run observation home at Dumardaga where children in conflict with law are kept.
NORMAL	Asked about its security, given that children often manage to escape the building, SSP Gupta said he planned to track the visitors to the campus.
NORMAL	"The office of the Juvenile Justice Board is located inside the campus of the observation home, which means many visitors on a daily basis.
NORMAL	I asked the policemen deputed at the gate to keep a record of every person who enters and leaves the observation home premises and watch the boundary wall," the SSP said.
NORMAL	The sixth season of the Hero Indian Super League (ISL) kicked off last week.
NORMAL	With flashing lights on a flashy stage, a celebrity song-and-dance routine and a strong pitch by the league's organisers at Kochi's Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, one could see the strong influence of the Indian Premier League.
NORMAL	But that is where any comparison between the leagues skids to a stop -- even as the cricketing carnival has grown from strength to strength in terms of brand associations and viewership (on-the ground and on screens), football has struggled to get the league off the starting ... Note: Subscription will be auto renewed, you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked.
NORMAL	Track the industry of your choice with a daily newsletter specific to that industry.
NORMAL	Requires you to share personal information like date of birth, income, location amongst other fields.
NORMAL	This information alongwith your contact information will be shared with the partners associated with this program, who contribute towards subsidizing the offer.
NORMAL	By subscribing to this product you acknowledge and accept that our Partners may choose to contact you with offers of their products and services.
NORMAL	Cancellation Policy: You can cancel any time in the future without assigning any reasons, but 48 hours prior to your card being charged for renewal.
NORMAL	We do not offer any refunds.
NORMAL	To cancel, communicate from your registered email id and send the email with the cancellation request to assist@bsmail.in .
NORMAL	Include your contact number for speedy action.
NORMAL	Requests mailed to any other ID will not be acknowledged or actioned upon.
NORMAL	Mumbai, Oct 29 (PTI) Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday said the Shiv Sena was not promised the CM's post for two-and-a-half years when the alliance was formalised before the 2019 Lok Sabha polls.
NORMAL	Amid the ongoing tussle between the BJP and Sena over sharing of power in the next state government, Fadnavis also asserted that he will be the chief minister for another five years.
NORMAL	Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray last week reminded the BJP of the 50:50 formula "agreed upon" between himself, BJP president Amit Shah and Fadnavis ahead of the 2019 Lok Sabha polls.
NORMAL	"The Shiv Sena was not promised CM's post for two- and-a-half years when the alliance was formalised before the Lok Sabha polls," Fadnavis told reporters at his official residence 'Varsha' here.
NORMAL	The BJP-led alliance will provide a "stable and efficient" government for next five years, he said.
NORMAL	Fadnavis said the BJP Legislature Party will elect its new leader on Wednesday.
NORMAL	"Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already announced the name and the meeting will be a formality," he said, apparently referring to Modi's statement during campaigning for polls that Fadnavis will lead the coalition.
NORMAL	Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and the country's Cricket Board, on Tuesday, offered support to suspended all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan, insisting that his failure to report corrupt approaches was a mistake from which he will learn and bounce back as a wiser player.
NORMAL	Shakib, Bangladesh's Test and T20 captain and the world's No.1 all-rounder in ODIs, was handed a two-year suspension by the ICC for failing to report three corrupt approaches, including one at the IPL, by a suspected Indian bookie, ousting him from the upcoming tour of India.
NORMAL	Twelve months of that ban is a suspended sentence which will come into effect if the 32-year-old fails to comply with the anti-corruption code of the world body.
NORMAL	The one-year ban that he has to serve will keep him out of next year's Indian Premier League (IPL) and also the World T20 to be held in Australia from October 18 to November 15 the same year.
NORMAL	"It's clear that Shakib has made a mistake and he's realised that," Hasina was quoted as saying by bdnews24.com .
NORMAL	"There's nothing much the government can do about the ICC's decision but BCB will stand by him," she added.
NORMAL	The ban comes as a huge blow for Bangladesh cricket ahead of their much-anticipated tour of India, which comprises three T20 Internationals and two Tests, beginning with the shortest format games on November 3. The Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB), however, said that doors will be opened for Shakib once his ban ends.
NORMAL	"We hope he will come back as a better and wiser cricketer and serve Bangladesh for many more years when his sanction will be over," BCB said in a statement.
NORMAL	"During the suspension the BCB will continue to support his efforts at returning to cricket."
NORMAL	"The BCB respects the ICC's decision and shares similar sentiments against corruption in cricket."
NORMAL	Shakib was spoken to by the ICC's Anti-Corruption Unit in January and August this year and he failed to report the approaches made to him by "an individual known to the ACU and suspected of involvement in corruption in cricket, Deepak Aggarwal."
NORMAL	The ICC said Aggarwal had asked Shakib to provide information on team composition and strategy on three separate occasions, one of them being April 26, 2018 when his IPL franchise Sunrisers Hyderabad was to take on Kings XI Punjab.
NORMAL	Sunrisers won the game by 13 runs.
NORMAL	Shakib had 'accepted three charges of breaching the ICC Anti-Corruption Code', something which went in his favour as he escaped the maximum punishment of five years for the offence.
NORMAL	Toulouse - India's IndiGo has placed a firm order for 300 A320neo Family aircraft.
NORMAL	This marks one of Airbus' largest aircraft orders ever with a single airline operator.
NORMAL	This latest IndiGo order comprises a mix of A320neo, A321neo and A321XLR aircraft.
NORMAL	This will take IndiGo's total number of A320neo Family aircraft orders to 730.
NORMAL	"This order is an important milestone, as it reiterates our mission of strengthening air connectivity in India, which will, in turn, boost economic growth and mobility.
NORMAL	India is expected to continue with its strong aviation growth and we are well on our way to build the world's best air transportation system, to serve more customers and deliver on our promise of providing low fares and a courteous, hassle-free experience to them," said Ronojoy Dutta, Chief Executive Officer of IndiGo said in a press release.
NORMAL	"We are delighted that IndiGo, one of our early launch customers for the A320neo, continues to build its future with Airbus, making Indigo the world's biggest customer for the A320neo Family," said Guillaume Faury, Airbus Chief Executive Officer.
NORMAL	"We are grateful for this strong vote of confidence as this order confirms the A320neo Family as the aircraft of choice in the most dynamic aviation growth markets."
NORMAL	He added: "We are pleased to see our aircraft allowing IndiGo to take full advantage of the predicted growth in Indian air travel."
NORMAL	"We were believers in IndiGo from day one and are thrilled to be able to perpetuate this most fruitful partnership," said Christian Scherer, Airbus Chief Commercial Officer.
NORMAL	"IndiGo has brilliantly demonstrated the relevance of the A320neo for leading low-cost operators, and the A321neo - and now the A321XLR - provide our operators with the logical next step in cost efficiency, passenger comfort, and market coverage."
NORMAL	"We are pleased to partner yet again with Airbus for our next batch of Airbus A320neo Family aircraft.
NORMAL	The fuel-efficient A320neo family aircraft will allow IndiGo to maintain its strong focus on lowering operating costs and delivering fuel efficiency with high standards of reliability.
NORMAL	The choice of engine manufacturer for this order will be made at a later date," said Riyaz Peermohamed, Chief Aircraft Acquisition and Financing Officer of IndiGo.
NORMAL	IndiGo is among the fastest-growing carriers in the world.
NORMAL	Since its first A320neo aircraft was delivered in March 2016, its fleet of A320neo Family aircraft has grown into the world's largest with 97 A320neo aircraft, operating alongside 128 A320ceos.
NORMAL	The A321XLR is the next evolutionary step from the A321LR which response to market needs for even more range and payload, creating more value for the airlines.
NORMAL	The aircraft will deliver an unprecedented Xtra Long Range of up to 4,700nm - with 30 percent lower fuel burn per seat compared with previous generation competitor jets.
NORMAL	At the end of September 2019, the A320neo Family had received more than 6,650 firm orders from nearly 110 customers worldwide.
NORMAL	The National Pension System's (NPS') debt assets in AAA-rated papers has increased by 1.83 percentage point to 37.87 per cent, in the one-year period ended September 30, 2019.
NORMAL	Over a three-year period, AAA-rated assets have surged 4.8 percentage points.
NORMAL	Conversely, assets in AA- and below-rated papers have reduced 87 basis points (bps) in the past year and shrunk by 3.5 percentage points in the past three years.
NORMAL	According to experts, the increase in AAA-rated papers signifies risk aversion in the aftermath of the IL&FS crisis.
NORMAL	"We are concerned about the ratings and the quality of papers that we invest in, and are willing to sacrifice returns to ensure that principal is protected," said a senior NPS official.
NORMAL	Total NPS debt assets stood at Rs 14,246 crore as on September 30, 2019.
NORMAL	While NPS' tier-I equity schemes have delivered low-to-mid-single-digit returns over the past year, debt schemes have given far higher returns, aiding the overall NPS portfolio.
NORMAL	Government bond plans have returned 17-18 per cent in the year up till September 30, 2019, while corporate debt plans have returned an average of 14.1 per cent over the same period.
NORMAL	Bond funds have benefitted from policy rate cuts.
NORMAL	Mutual funds have retreated from AA- and below-rated papers.
NORMAL	As a percentage of overall debt assets, investments in AAA-rated and sovereign papers have surged 10.3 percentage points in the past year to 38 per cent, while those in AA- and below-rated papers have reduced 9.6 percentage points to 62 per cent.
NORMAL	Four policemen were injured when a police team, which had arrested one of the accused in a robbery case, was attacked by residents of Harsos village in Jansa police station area of Varanasi on Monday evening.
NORMAL	According to police, the incident happened when an 11-member Crime Branch team from Jaunpur had come to the Varanasi village looking for the two wanted criminals who had allegedly shot a businessman after looting Rs 2.40 lakh from him on October 25.
NORMAL	Police said that after the Crime Branch team arrested one of the accused -- Rajan Rajbhar -- and was taking him away with them, villagers started protesting.
NORMAL	"In the melee, villagers caught two policemen -- Sub-Inspector Kaushal Yadav and Constable Ved Prakash Rai- and starting thrashing them.
NORMAL	They tied the constable to a tree and beat him up," a police officer in Jansa said.
NORMAL	After coming to know about the incident, a police team from Varanasi reached Harsos village, but they were also attacked as villagers pelted stones at them, said the officer.
NORMAL	According to police, the situation was brought under control when additional forces reached the spot and mild force was used to disperse the crowd.
NORMAL	In the meantime, the arrested accused, Rajan Rajbhar, managed to escape.
NORMAL	Two more policemen - Station Officer of Rohaniya, Parshuram Tripathi, and a constable -- were also injured in the mob attack.
NORMAL	A police jeep was damaged by the villagers, police said.
NORMAL	S-I Yadav and constable Rai, who suffered serious injuries, are undergoing treatment at Banaras Hindu University's Trauma Centre.
NORMAL	Doctors said that their condition was stable.
NORMAL	Police said that they are looking for Yadav's pistol which went missing during the attack.
NORMAL	"The Crime Branch team from Jaunpur had arrived at Harsos village on Monday evening after obtaining arrest warrants against the two accused in the robbery case -- Rajan Rajbhar and Arvind Rajbhar.
NORMAL	On seeing the police force, Arvind managed to escape.
NORMAL	Policemen were able to catch Rajan and were trying to take him away with them when villagers arrived at the spot.
NORMAL	It has come to light that villagers reached the spot after rumours circulated that a gang of child-lifters had entered the"village," said SHO of Jansa Police Station, Ramashish Ram.
NORMAL	Additional SP (Varanasi Rural) M P Singh said that the Jaunpur police team did not inform the local police station, Jansa, before conducting the raid in the village.
NORMAL	Circle Officer of Sadar, Abhishek Pandey, said that an FIR has been registered against 17 people.
NORMAL	A total of 27 people have been detained for questioning and raids are still on to trace the culprits, said police.
NORMAL	Meanwhile, Jaunpur SP Ravi Shankar Chhabi said that they will order an inquiry to probe the role of other policemen during the attack.
NORMAL	"What were the other policemen doing when the villagers attacked?
NORMAL	We need to probe," he said.
NORMAL	New Delhi: The corporate sector has set aside over Rs 10,000 crore every fiscal year since 2014-15 towards corporate social responsibility, President Ram Nath Kovind said.
NORMAL	He said the Companies Act was amended in 2013-14 making it mandatory for companies with a specified level of profit to spend 2% of it on social welfare.
NORMAL	He gave away the first CSR awards on Tuesday, instituted by the Corporate Affairs Ministry.
NORMAL	MoS Finance Anurag Thakur said the companies over the last 5 years have contributed Rs 50,000 crore and above towards CSR.
NORMAL	Corporate affairs secretary Injeti Srinivas said the companies have spent Rs 50,000 crore cumulatively over the last five years on social welfare activities.
NORMAL	Maximum funds have been given to projects for poverty alleviation, safe drinking water, education, health.
NORMAL	The Ernakulam General Hospital will be part of the Smart City project under the aegis of Cochin Smart Mission Limited with over [?]30 crore investment for various projects.
NORMAL	Three components have been identified by that Mission that will up-scale the GH into a smart health service provider.
NORMAL	They are: a cancer annex block costing [?]25 crore, e-Health programme costing [?]3.76 crore and [?]40-lakh solar project that would generate 70 kilo watt electricity.
NORMAL	While the cancer annexe block is at stage one - where paper work for the new building is on, the process of changing over to the e-Health system has begun.
NORMAL	It is being implemented by Keltron as part of the State's e-Health programme.
NORMAL	For the solar project at the GH, installation has been completed and is likely to be commissioned next month.
NORMAL	It is among the 28 government buildings in the city that will be turned into solar energy generating units.
NORMAL	After the Cochin Cancer Research Hospital, which had begun on an e-Health platform, the Ernakulam GH will be fully brought under the e-Health project.
NORMAL	The hospital is expecting to go digital in about 3-4 months which will herald a new chapter after it made the first makeover with NABH accreditation in 2011.
NORMAL	Patient-services will be enhanced as queuing up for services will become passe.
NORMAL	Registration for OP tickets and payments for various tests would become easy.
NORMAL	The practice now is to reach the hospital early and queue up in front of the OP ticket counter to get an early ticket.
NORMAL	Dr. A. Anitha, the hospital superintendent, said that e-Health would also deliver all the diagnostic laboratory results directly to the doctor' s computer.
NORMAL	Patients' medical records generated electronically would make available all the medical history to the treating doctors.
NORMAL	If the patients seek to take treatment elsewhere, these records would be of great help too, she added.
NORMAL	You have reached your limit for free articles this month.
NORMAL	Register to The Hindu for free and get unlimited access for 30 days.
NORMAL	On a day Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis denied the BJP ever promised to share the chief minister's post with the ally Shiv Sena, the Uddhav Thackeray-led party came up with an old video of the CM in which he purportedly talked about equal sharing of posts and responsibilities in the state government.
NORMAL	Ever since the BJP's tally fell in the recently-held assembly polls, results for which were announced on October 24, the Sena raised its pitch for a rotational chief ministership between the two parties for a period of 2.5 years.Sena MLAs last week demanded that Thackeray's son Aaditya, a first-time legislator, be made the chief minister.
NORMAL	With the Sena hardening its position, the formal deliberations over formation of the next government are yet to take-off, despite the BJP and the Thackeray-led party having adequate numbers to cross the halfway mark in the 288-member House.
NORMAL	Breaking his silence on the issue, Fadnavis on Tuesday said BJP chief Amit Shah never promised the CM's post for two-and-a-half years to the Sena when the alliance was formalised before the 2019 Lok Sabha polls.
NORMAL	Seeking to rebut the CM's claims, Sena has released a video clip on social media of his press conference dated February 18 this year.
NORMAL	The clip with a caption "Jara Yaad karo Jabani" (Remember the assurance) was put out by Harshal Pradhan, a close aide of Uddhav Thackeray.
NORMAL	"We have decided equal sharing of posts and responsibilities once we come to power again," Fadnavis is quoted as saying in Marathi at the presser to announce tie-up for (Lok Sabha) elections.
NORMAL	Thackeray had last week reminded the BJP of the 50:50 formula "agreed upon" between himself, Shah and Fadnavis ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.
NORMAL	The Sena demanded a written assurance from the BJP for implementing "equal formula for sharing of power" before holding talks on staking the claim to form the next alliance government in the state.
NORMAL	On Tuesday, Fadnavis, who is the only second chief minister in the state to complete the full five-year term, asserted he will be at the helm once again.
NORMAL	In the recent polls to 288-member Assembly, the BJP won 105 seats, a loss of 17 seats compared to its 2014 tally.
NORMAL	The Sena's tally also came down to 56 seats from 63 in 2014.
NORMAL	A resurgent NCP won 54 and the Congress bagged 44 seats.
NORMAL	Google Pay said that the company had spent around 67 million on monthly active users with an annual gross transaction run-rate of $110 billion.
NORMAL	Google Indian Digital Services that operates Google Pay here had spent Rs 1,028 crores as in the form of reimbursements for cash reward in the FY ending on March 31, 2019, reports stated.
NORMAL	The report shared by an online news platform, Entrackr reported the numbers via regulatory documents of the company.
NORMAL	As per the report, the amount was largely received from Singapore based parent entity - Google Asia Pacific (GAP).
NORMAL	In the past few financial years the tech giant has spent about Rs 1,369 crore as cashback rewards, the report stated.
NORMAL	Last month, Google Pay said that the company had spent around 67 million on monthly active users with an annual gross transaction run-rate of $110 billion.
NORMAL	According to the report, the company is eyeing for Rs 5 crore as profit at the end March, 2019.
NORMAL	In 2018, the numbers were Rs 5.47 crore.
NORMAL	Taurus: Spending quality time with people you love and with friends whose friendship you value is revealed.
NORMAL	Be careful about remaining practical in the given circumstances (make a concentrated effort).
NORMAL	Virgo: Life changes for the better in this karmic cycle.
NORMAL	Avoid an impulsive retort.
NORMAL	Do continue with the modified diet.
NORMAL	Be careful about taking small unavoidable delays in your stride.
NORMAL	Aquarius: A situation manifests gradually and it is no longer possible to ignore it.
NORMAL	Be careful when helping out a friend.
NORMAL	Discuss the issue carefully before going ahead with it.
NORMAL	Gemini: Those seeking to buy their dream house find one.
NORMAL	Consider the business offer carefully.
NORMAL	A court case should be avoided.
NORMAL	Be careful about keeping doubts away and trusting implicitly.
NORMAL	Libra: Acting on an impulse brings desired results.
NORMAL	An element of doubt still bothers you.
NORMAL	Discuss it with someone.
NORMAL	Be careful about what you say or promise in a meeting.
NORMAL	Pisces: A low feeling ends as adecision is made keeping the future in mind.
NORMAL	Maintain the focus.
NORMAL	Be careful about balancing spirituality with everyday living and unavoidable human experiences.
NORMAL	Cancer: Staying away from office politics is much wiser.
NORMAL	Just maintain professional politeness.
NORMAL	Be careful about presuming what you consider is the truth.
NORMAL	What you think may be totally wrong.
NORMAL	Scorpio: A special relationship brings so much happiness.
NORMAL	Visiting friends are expected very soon.
NORMAL	You love their company.
NORMAL	Be careful about being well prepared for a very busy time ahead.
NORMAL	Aries: Plans changing at the nth hour is a given today.
NORMAL	Just deal with it patiently.
NORMAL	Remain focused.
NORMAL	Be careful about staying with the diet and cutting down on desserts.
NORMAL	Leo: A relationship suddenly changes for the better (this is very surprising).
NORMAL	Health is good.
NORMAL	Be careful about believing everything you hear from the office grapevine.
NORMAL	Not all is correct.
NORMAL	Sagittarius: When someone apologizes and immediately acknowledges a mistake, then giving the person another chance is entirely up to you.
NORMAL	Be careful when taking action against someone at work.
NORMAL	With the return of DK Shivakumar, speculations are rife that the Congress is planning to allot a key role for the party's troubleshooter to cast in the dominant Vokkaliga community for the upcoming by-polls.
NORMAL	Rumour says that DK Shivakumar is eyeing for the presidential post of Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC), which is currently held by Dinesh Gundurao.
NORMAL	He had reportedly lobbied for the post before getting arrested by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection with the money laundering case.
NORMAL	Congress in Karnataka believes that to hold power in the state the party should have the support of dominant communities like Vokkaligas and Lingayats.
NORMAL	According to some party leaders, alliance with JD(S) was a mistake as many of the Congress leaders shifted to BJP after this and the coalition government was also not successful.
NORMAL	The party leadership in the state has changed after Shivakumar's arrest and Siddaramiah's appointment as the opposition leader.
NORMAL	With the return of the Congress strongman, the party is in a state of tussle over its leadership as DK Shivakumar has a stronghold in the state just like Siddaramaiah.
NORMAL	What does the Congress high command believe?
NORMAL	The state Congress and high command believe that Shivakumar's release will be a boon for the party for the upcoming by-polls for 15 assembly constituencies.
NORMAL	With DKS back in the game of power politics it will be east for the party to gather votes from the Vokkaliga community and his influence in the party high command will also play a major part.
NORMAL	Not just dominant groups, Congress will also have to attract the backward classes to gain momentum for the upcoming elections.
NORMAL	The party will be united with a divided rule as opposition leader and former chief minister Siddaramaiah will lead the backward classes, DKS will lead the Vokkaligas and Dalits will be led by G Parameshwara and Mallikarjun Kharge.
NORMAL	Esther Duflo, joint winner of 2019 Nobel Prize for Economics, wants to make it clear that economics is not just about people in suits and ties and discussions about macro economic trend, but it is also about reflecting on the social issues that challenge everyone today.
NORMAL	"Generally economics award comes when you are at end of your career and neither of us at are the end of our career...," she said with a chuckle adding that "this makes it special.
NORMAL	It feels good to be acknowledged.
NORMAL	We take this as recognition of collective work of hundreds of researchers, NGOs and government who we work with."
NORMAL	On why fewer women have so far got the Economics Nobel, she said "it is not bias.
NORMAL	I think it is partly because of the perception that economics is just about growth and finance.
NORMAL	I do hope that with this prize, people realise there are many things that economists do that is not about interest rates but changing the world."
NORMAL	In a Skype chat from the US with BusinessLine, a self-proclaimed sportsperson Duflo points out that "When we were writing the book (Good Economics for Hard Times) India was growing very fast, but if you notice we say that it is going to slow down.
NORMAL	We exactly ask this question then that what should India do ?
NORMAL	You cannot allow growth slowdown to affect you."
NORMAL	Duflo and joint winners her husband Abhijit V Banerjee and Michael Kremer were awarded for their experimental approach to alleviate global poverty.
NORMAL	She believes that empowering the less beneficial will help protect to some extent from the after effects of global economic externalities.
NORMAL	Excerpts: You think that with this award the direction that the Nobel Academy has taken is to put the conversation towards issues that are affecting us right now?
NORMAL	You never know how they think, but it could be that in today's world it is important to shed spotlight on issues that are affecting the majority.
NORMAL	They chose to acknowledge that the fight against poverty is one of the fights, which has been going on for last three decades.
NORMAL	Many things have not gone too well in the world in the last decades, but one thing that has got recognised is lives of poor mainly in India and China has improved.
NORMAL	Today, the concept of welfare state is being debated.
NORMAL	What is your view particularly in the context of India?
NORMAL	I think there are a lot of things that have happened in India.
NORMAL	What we explain in the book and what we firmly and strongly believe in is that even if in some sense the growth slows down, still a lot can happen if we focus our energy on making sure that the poorest in the society doesn't die poor.
NORMAL	Besides, it doesn't actually take too much of social expenditure.
NORMAL	Designing such schemes that work well to achieve it, for example, collectively as a nation we decide that we have to improve immunisation rates in the country, because the rates are too low for an economy like India.
NORMAL	We can do it.
NORMAL	There has been lot of effort on this front and there has been some progress.
NORMAL	For example, we have been working with Haryana government for several years on projects to find out what is the best way to improve immunisation rates.
NORMAL	Some work has already been done on making such services available.
NORMAL	We work with them to design some programmes to promote it.
NORMAL	We found that the State could do something which is really very inexpensive -- mobilise immunisation in a community.
NORMAL	It is super effective.
NORMAL	It takes more policy focus, ambition and vision, which the team in Haryana had and some amount of creativity and willingness to stick with it.
NORMAL	Even if growth slows down there are so many things that can done.
NORMAL	There was a time when politics and economics were two different things but now in many decisions we see, politics governs economics.
NORMAL	Even in the book when you refer to oil or trade, we find that it is the political powers who are governing the economics.
NORMAL	So in this situation of economic slowdown what do you think happens?
NORMAL	I don't know if there was ever a golden age when politics and economics were separate.
NORMAL	They have always been intertwined in some sense.
NORMAL	But, today we are more aware of it.
NORMAL	May be there was some sort of enormity in the economic policy when we started - we have to do this or that and we had no choice.
NORMAL	But, I think there is more to it now.
NORMAL	There had been always choices that could be made.
NORMAL	I think being aware is not bad because it is then you can as a society think about what are the values that we decide to put forward.
NORMAL	Growth is slowing down.
NORMAL	There is not much that can be done.
NORMAL	And it is also a fact that India has a lot to do.
NORMAL	We need to make two decisions - do we continue to put the growth indicator as the thing we need to fight for and if not what do we do.
NORMAL	I do hope, you as a country think that there are many more things to fight about than the growth rate, which is just one indicator in economics.
NORMAL	Slowdown is not India's problem alone.
NORMAL	We need to acknowledge that growth is beyond our control, so we can just get down to other work.
NORMAL	Here the Chinese have handled it beautifully.
NORMAL	They have come up with a new normal.
NORMAL	Okay, that is still steep, but still lower than double digit.
NORMAL	Now their targets are lower, and they are focused on other things like pollution and other social issues.
NORMAL	So, what can be done is that leave growth, and focus on things that will reflect success for our society - that is to see that the most disadvantaged members of the society are doing better.
NORMAL	We can make bureaucracy more efficient, implementation more efficient.
NORMAL	We can focus on how many kids can read, survive etc etc.
NORMAL	This changes the narrative a bit.
NORMAL	If you successfully do that it gives you the power to succeed in the matrix that you want to succeed.
NORMAL	It is win-win for both.
NORMAL	When we were writing the book the growth rate of India was growing very fast, but if you notice we say that it is going to slowdown.
NORMAL	We exactly ask this question then that what should they (India) do?
NORMAL	And then we say that you gain back control...
NORMAL	You cannot allow growth to affect you.
NORMAL	Whenever growth slows down the first thing that happens is that the Budget on social spending is cut, which is opposite of what you are saying.
NORMAL	So should there be a shift in the public discourse?
NORMAL	After the 2008 crisis, you can check on countries that decided to cut on social expenditure and those decided not to.
NORMAL	And I think one of the things that we do is to know when there is a crisis, you can go from a bad situation to a terrible situation, and then there is a demand collapse.
NORMAL	Demand collapse is more likely to happen if social expenditures are slashed.
NORMAL	Economics is not like family Budget.
NORMAL	Job of the government is to work on expenditure so that demand doesn't collapse.
NORMAL	You have travelled across India and worked on different projects.
NORMAL	How do you see schemes like Direct Benefit transfer or the financial inclusion programme of the government playing out?
NORMAL	I think it is a very important first step because it puts in a kind of structure that allows the public transfer and makes it easier to deliver.
NORMAL	If every individual (men and women) has a bank account, per se, it creates a process for transfers easily.
NORMAL	It does away with lot of difficulties that we had - the plumbing of the earlier inefficient system that led to uncertainties.
NORMAL	If the reach is better, it can lead to better dispensation of public expenditure.
NORMAL	I would not say this is the do-all, but I would say this is the first step in that direction.
NORMAL	This may be taken to the next level and consolidation of some of the schemes, for cash transfers could happen.
NORMAL	Universal cash transfer will be the best thing to do.
NORMAL	It will help develop economic payment system, simplify transactions.
NORMAL	You say today you see greater polarisation of society.
NORMAL	How worrying is it?
NORMAL	It is such a defining feature of our world today.
NORMAL	It is a concern.
NORMAL	What are some of the newer projects that you are taking up in India?
NORMAL	Learning in pre-schools has always been my passion.
NORMAL	Get kids to read and write.
NORMAL	There are things that you can do when kids are 4 and 5 to help them get ready for school.
NORMAL	School curriculum in India are too demanding.
NORMAL	We at least want the kids to be ready for what is coming.
NORMAL	We have done such projects with Delhi government and want to continue doing such projects.
NORMAL	Introduce new games that help in learning and in sustaining the kid attention.
NORMAL	Social games, is what we call them.
NORMAL	Immunisations projects are another aspect we are involved with and will continue to be.
NORMAL	Embattled British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fourth bid to force an early general election on December 12 cleared its first Parliament hurdle on Tuesday as MPs backed it without the need for a vote, a day after a similar attempt was rejected by the leaders following the European Union's further extension to the Brexit deadline until January 31.
NORMAL	The House of Commons debate on the bill will carry on as MPs consider amendments, including an Opposition Labour Party proposal to change the date to December 9 to ensure Mr. Johnson cannot sneak through his Brexit Bill before Parliament is dissolved and also to ensure a strong turnout for the snap poll.
NORMAL	The U.K. PM can only hold an early election with the support of MPs, who have previously blocked it three times.
NORMAL	Efforts by Opposition MPs to lower the voting age to 16 and also allow European Union (EU) nationals to take part have failed as the changes were not selected for debate by the Deputy Speaker.
NORMAL	But with MPs overall backing a December poll, a pre-Christmas election now looks certain.
NORMAL	One proposed change to the early election motion that will be considered is a call by Labour -- backed by the other Opposition parties -- to hold the poll three days earlier on December 9. This, they argue, would ensure that university students are more likely to be able to take part because it would still be in term time.
NORMAL	The prospect of an election became more and more likely after the EU had agreed on a three-month extension to the October 31 Brexit deadline.
NORMAL	This meant Mr. Johnson's "do or die" pledge to leave the economic bloc by Halloween was effectively dead and he was determined to push through an early poll to try and change his current minority figures in Parliament.
NORMAL	The Labour Party had so far refused to back an early poll until the threat of a no-deal crashout by October end had been taken off the table, a condition which was met with the new Brexit deadline now being January 31, 2020.
NORMAL	Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn told his shadow Cabinet: "We have now heard from the EU that the extension of Article 50 to January 31 has been confirmed, so for the next three months, our condition of taking no-deal off the table has now been met.
NORMAL	We will now launch the most ambitious and radical campaign for real change our country has ever seen".
NORMAL	After three failed attempts previously, Mr. Johnson's chances were high this time as he required only a simple majority of MPs to back him, as opposed to the two-thirds majority under the U.K. Fixed Term Parliaments Act.
NORMAL	Besides this attempt at circumventing the law, he also offered the Opposition parties a commitment to abandon his Brexit Bill from being brought back for a vote, opening up the prospect of the anti-Brexit Liberal Democrats and Scottish National Party (SNP) MPs backing the General Election vote.
NORMAL	The Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is vehemently opposed to the so-called divorce bill with the EU due to the post-Brexit invisible border planned in the Irish Sea.
NORMAL	After he lost the vote on Monday evening, Mr. Johnson told the House of Commons: "We will not allow this paralysis to continue, and one way or another we must proceed straight to an election".
NORMAL	Liberal Democrats leader Jo Swinson's party is pushing for an earlier date because it would not leave the government enough time to get any legislation through because the U.K. Parliament must be dissolved 25 days ahead of any election.
NORMAL	For a December 9 election, Parliament would need to pass its legislation by Thursday this week, but for a December 12 election it could wait until the middle of next week, leaving open a window for the controversial Brexit Bill to be brought back on the table.
NORMAL	Ian Blackford, the SNP leader in the Commons, said his party would need a "cast-iron guarantee" that the Prime Minister would not try to bring back his Brexit deal to Parliament.
NORMAL	Downing Street has indicated that the government may be open to an earlier date than December 12 to get all Opposition parties on board.
NORMAL	Under the Fixed Term Parliament, the next General Election is not due until 2022 and to push it through any time earlier, the PM needs the Parliament's backing.
NORMAL	The latest developments in Westminster follow the EU agreeing to offer the U.K. a three-month extension to the Brexit deadline, until January 31 next year, which Boris Johnson formally accepted by issuing a letter to European Council President Donald Tusk and informing the Commons that he had done so.
NORMAL	"We must have December 12 as a 'hard stop' A parliamentary terminus that everyone can believe in, and an election fulfils that purpose to allow a new Parliament and a new government to be in place by Christmas," Johnson told the Commons as he moved his election bid which was rejected by MPs on Monday night.
NORMAL	The EU responded to Johnson's letter saying the written procedure can now be go ahead for the so-called "Brexit flextension", which means the U.K. could leave earlier than January 2020 once a deal has been ratified.
NORMAL	But the prospect of Britain leaving the economic bloc by Thursday is now effectively off the table.
NORMAL	You have reached your limit for free articles this month.
NORMAL	Register to The Hindu for free and get unlimited access for 30 days.
NORMAL	New Delhi: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) spokesperson Clyde Crasto on Tuesday took a dig at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena power tussle over seat-sharing in Maharashtra.
NORMAL	Crasto on Tuesday posted a cartoon in which he drew the Shiv Sena's symbol bow and arrow hanging overhead and pointing directly at a lotus, BJPs party symbol.
